So she was surprised to discover that the shipment came from Poland.
So she was surprised to discover that the shipment had come from Poland.
Thus, she was surprised to discover that the shipment came from Poland.
She was surprised to discover that the shipment had come from Poland.
She was surprised to discover that the shipment came from Poland.
So she was surprised to discover that the parcel came from Poland.
So she was surprised to find that the shipment came from Poland.
She was shocked to discover that the shipment had come from Poland.
She was surprised when she discovered that the shipment came from Poland.
She was surprised to find that the shipment came from Poland.
Her letter arrived the same day as the letter from Zosi.
Her letter arrived the same day as Zosi's letter.
Her letter arrived the same day as Zosi's.
Her letter arrived the same day as a letter from Zosi.
Her mail arrived the same day as a letter from Zosi.
Her mail arrived the same day as Zosi's letter.
Her mail arrived the same day as the letter from Zosi.
Her letter came the same day as the letter from Zosi.
Her letter came the same day as Zosi's.
Her letter arrived on the same day as Zosi's.
In the period specified in the announcement, the parcel arrived by post.
The shipment arrived by post within the deadline specified in the announcement.
The shipment arrived by post within the period specified in the announcement.
In the period specified in the announcement, the parcel arrived by mail.
In the period specified in the announcement the shipment arrived by post.
In the period specified in the announcement, the mail arrived by post.
In the period specified in the announcement the parcel arrived by post.
In the period specified in the announcement the shipment arrived by mail.
In the period specified in the announcement the parcel arrived by mail.
The shipment arrived by post within the deadline specified in the notice.
If the shipment has reached its destination in the container, it should be intact.
If the shipment has reached its destination in the container, it should be unencrypted.
If the shipment has reached its destination in the container, it should not be damaged.
If the shipment reached its destination in the container, it should be intact.
If the shipment has reached the destination in the container, it should be intact.
If the shipment reached its destination in the container, it should be unencrypted.
If the shipment has reached the destination in the container, it should be unencrypted.
If the shipment has reached its destination in the container, it should be unencoded.
If the shipment has reached its destination in the container, it should not be corrupted.
If the shipment reaches its destination in the container, it should be unencrypted.
At the end of the oral conversation, a young woman went out to the house to meet an old man.
At the end of the oral conversation, a young woman went outside the house to see an old man.
At the end of the oral conversation, a young woman went out to the house to see an old man.
At the end of the oral conversation, a young woman went outside the house to meet an old man.
At the end of the oral conversation, a young woman left the house for an old man.
At the end of the oral conversation, a young woman left the house to meet an old man.
At the end of the oral conversation, the young woman went out to the house to meet an old man.
At the end of the oral conversation, a young woman went out to the house with an old man.
At the end of the oral conversation, the young woman went out to the house to see an old man.
At the end of the oral conversation, the young woman left the house for an old man.
Why did such a beautiful and rich woman marry such an ugly man?
Why did such a beautiful and rich woman marry such a ugly man?
Why did such a beautiful and wealthy woman marry such an ugly man?
Why did such a beautiful and wealthy woman marry such a ugly man?
Why did such a beautiful and rich woman marry such an ugly man.
Why did such a beautiful and rich woman marry such a ugly man.
Why does such a beautiful and rich woman marry such an ugly man?
Why does such a beautiful and rich woman marry such a ugly man?
Why did such a beautiful and wealthy woman marry such an ugly man.
Why did such a beautiful and wealthy woman marry such a ugly man.
When the woman went out to the garden, Gloria looked after her.
When the woman went to the garden, Gloria followed her.
When the woman went to the garden, Gloria looked after her.
When the woman went out to the garden, Gloria followed her.
When the woman went out to the garden, Gloria looked for her.
When the woman went into the garden, Gloria followed her.
When the woman went out into the garden, Gloria followed her.
When the woman went out to the garden, Gloria leaned behind her.
When the woman went out to the garden, Gloria followed.
When the woman went to the garden, Gloria followed.
Finally, the woman came out of the house with a bulletproof rifle.
In the end, the woman left the house with a bulletproof rifle.
Finally, the woman came out of the house with a bulletproof gun.
In the end, the woman left the house with a bulletproof gun.
Eventually, the woman left the house with a bulletproof rifle.
Eventually, the woman left the house with a bulletproof gun.
In the end, the woman came out of the house with a gun.
In the end, the woman came out of the house with a bullet.
Finally, the woman left the house with a bulletproof rifle.
Eventually, the woman came out of the house with a gun.
The child stopped crying, and the woman came out of the cathedral and looked at the stranger.
The child stopped crying, and the woman came out of the cabin and looked at the stranger.
The child stopped crying and the woman came out of the cathedral and looked at the stranger.
The child stopped crying and the woman came out of the cabin and looked at the stranger.
The child stopped crying, and the woman came out of the boiler room and looked at the stranger.
The child stopped crying, and the woman went out of the cathedral and looked at the stranger.
The child stopped crying, and the woman came out of the cage and looked at the stranger.
The child stopped crying, and the woman went out of the cabin and looked at the stranger.
The child stopped crying, and the woman came out of the boat and looked at the stranger.
The child stopped crying, and the woman came out of the boiler and looked at the stranger.
After the woman left, other participants of the therapy were afraid to stop her.
After the woman left, the other participants of the therapy were afraid to stop her.
After a while the woman left, other participants of the therapy were afraid to stop her.
After the woman left, other participants in the therapy were afraid to stop her.
After a while the woman left, other participants in the therapy were afraid to stop her.
After the woman left, other therapy participants were afraid to stop her.
After the woman left, other participants were afraid to stop her.
After the woman left, the other participants were afraid to stop her.
After a while the woman left, other participants of the therapy feared to stop her.
After the woman left, the other participants of the therapy were afraid to hold her.
He approached the house, the woman went out to greet him and dressed low.
He approached the house, the woman went out to greet him and dressed down.
He approached the house, the woman came out to greet him and dressed low.
He approached the house, the woman went out to greet him and lowered herself.
He approached the house, the woman went out to greet him, and dressed low.
He approached the house, a woman came out to greet him and dressed low.
He approached the house, and the woman went out to greet him and dressed low.
He approached the house, the woman went to greet him and dressed low.
He approached the house, the woman came out to greet him and dressed down.
He approached the house, and the woman went out to greet him and dressed down.
The young woman driving it left the car with her own powers.
The young woman driving him left the car with her own powers.
The young woman driving it left the car with her own forces.
The young woman driving him left the car with her own forces.
The young woman driving it left the car with her own strength.
The driver, a young woman, left the car with her own forces.
The young woman who drove it left the car with her own forces.
The driver, a young woman, left the car with her own strength.
The young woman driving him left the car with her own strength.
The young woman who drove it left the car with her own strength.
According to the report, the woman left her apartment three hours earlier.
According to the report, the woman left the apartment three hours earlier.
According to the report, the woman had left her apartment three hours earlier.
According to the report, the woman had left the apartment three hours earlier.
According to the report, the woman left her home three hours earlier.
According to a report, the woman left her apartment three hours earlier.
According to a report, the woman left the apartment three hours earlier.
According to reports, the woman left her apartment three hours earlier.
According to the report, the woman left the apartment three hours before.
According to the report, the woman left her apartment three hours before.
According to information, a 24-year-old woman has already been released from police custody.
It is reported that a 24-year-old woman has already been released from police custody.
According to information, the 24-year-old woman has already been released from police custody.
According to the information, a 24-year-old woman has already been released from police custody.
According to the report, a 24-year-old woman has already been released from police custody.
According to reports, a 24-year-old woman has already been released from police custody.
According to information, a 24-year-old woman has already left police custody.
According to information, a 24-year-old woman has already left the police custody.
According to information, the 24-year-old woman has already left the police custody.
According to the information, a 24-year-old woman has already left the police custody.
On November 6, the woman left work, but so far she has not been found.
On 6 November, the woman left work, but so far she has not been found.
The woman left work on 6 November, but so far she has not been found.
On November 6, the woman left work, but has not been found so far.
On November 6, the woman left her job, but has not been found so far.
The woman left work on 6 November, but has not been found.
On November 6, the woman left her job, but has not been found.
On November 6, the woman left work, but has not been found.
On 6 November, the woman left her job, but has not been found.
On 6 November, the woman left work, but has not been found.
A heavy woman came out of the house and never came back.
The heavy woman came out of the house and never came back.
A heavy woman suddenly left the house and never came back.
A heavy woman came out of the house and never returned.
A heavy woman suddenly left the house and never returned.
The heavy woman came out of the house suddenly and never returned.
The heavy woman suddenly left the house and never came back.
The heavy woman suddenly left the house and never returned.
The heavy woman came out of the house and never returned.
A heavy woman came out of the house suddenly and never returned.
When the woman left the beauty salon, the masked assailants dragged her into the car.
When the woman left the beauty salon, the masked attackers dragged her into the car.
When the woman left the beauty salon, the masked assailants dragged her to the car.
When the woman came out of the beauty salon, the masked attackers dragged her into the car.
When the woman left the beauty salon, the masked attackers dragged her to the car.
When the woman left the beauty salon, masked assailants dragged her into the car.
When the woman left the beauty salon, the masked assailants dragged her into a car.
When the woman left the beauty salon, masked attackers dragged her into the car.
When the woman left the beauty salon, the masked attackers dragged her into a car.
When the woman left the beauty salon, the masked assailants dragged her to a car.
After the surgery, the woman went outside.
After the operation, the woman went outside.
After the surgery, the woman went out.
After performing surgery, the woman went outside.
After an operation, the woman went outside.
After surgery, the woman went outside.
After the operation, the woman went out.
After performing surgery, the woman went out.
After surgery, the woman went out.
After performing the surgery, the woman left.
She received an anonymous message that the woman had left the house the previous evening.
She received an anonymous signal that the woman had left the house the previous evening.
She received an anonymous message that the woman had left the house the previous night.
She received an anonymous message that the woman had left home the previous evening.
She received an anonymous message that the woman had left her home the previous evening.
She received an anonymous signal that the woman had left the house the previous night.
She received an anonymous signal that the woman had left home the previous evening.
She received an anonymous signal that the woman had left her home the previous evening.
She received an anonymous message that the woman had left the home the previous evening.
She received an anonymous message that the woman had left home the previous night.
At that time, the woman went out of the house, pretending to use the phone.
At the same time, the woman went out of the house, pretending to use the phone.
At the same time, the woman came out of the house, pretending to use the phone.
At the same time, the woman went out of the house, pretending to use the telephone.
At that time, the woman went out of the house, pretending to use the telephone.
At that time, the woman went out of the house, pretending to be using the phone.
At the same time, the woman went out of the house, pretending to be using the phone.
At that time, the woman went out of the house, pretending to use her phone.
At the same time, the woman came out of the house, pretending to use the telephone.
At that time, the woman went out of the house, pretending to use a phone.
However, the woman left the apartment and left the boy alone.
However, the woman left her apartment and left the boy alone.
However, the woman left the apartment and left the painter alone.
However, the woman left the house and left the boy alone.
However, the woman left the apartment and left the painting alone.
However, the woman left the apartment and left her father alone.
However, the woman left her apartment and left the painting alone.
However, the woman left the apartment and left the child alone.
However, the woman left the house and left the painting alone.
However, the woman left the apartment and left the painting.
A 28-year-old woman left her child unattended for several hours.
A 28-year-old woman left her child without care for several hours.
A 28-year-old woman went out for a few hours leaving her child unattended.
A 28-year-old woman left her child unattended for a few hours.
A 28-year-old woman went out for several hours leaving her child unattended.
A 28-year-old woman left her child without care for a few hours.
A 28-year-old woman went out for a few hours leaving her child without care.
A 28-year-old woman went out for several hours leaving her child without care.
A 28-year-old woman went out for a few hours leaving her baby unattended.
A 28-year-old woman went out for a few hours leaving the child unattended.
He borrowed from his neighbours and the woman left after one day.
He borrowed from his neighbors and the woman left after one day.
He borrowed from his neighbours and the woman left after a day.
He borrowed from his neighbours, and the woman left after one day.
He borrowed from his neighbors and the woman left after a day.
He borrowed from the neighbors and the woman left after one day.
He borrowed from neighbours and the woman left after one day.
He borrowed from neighbors and the woman left after one day.
He borrowed from his neighbors, and the woman left after one day.
He borrowed from his neighbours and the woman went out after one day.
A woman married again.
One woman married again.
A woman was married again.
A woman married her again.
A woman has married again.
A woman married him again.
A woman is married again.
A woman remarried.
A woman got married again.
One woman was married again.
The immediate reaction of the truck driver caused the woman to leave the whole event.
The truck driver's immediate reaction caused the woman to leave the whole event.
The truck driver's immediate reaction prompted the woman to leave the scene.
The truck driver's reaction prompted the woman to leave the scene.
The truck driver's immediate reaction caused the woman to leave the scene.
The immediate reaction of the truck driver caused the woman to emerge from the entire incident.
The truck driver's immediate reaction resulted in the woman leaving the scene.
The immediate reaction of the truck driver caused the woman to emerge from the whole event.
The immediate reaction of the truck driver caused the woman to emerge from the entire event.
The immediate reaction of the truck driver caused the woman to come out of the event.
Why did the woman leave the building?
Why did the woman walk in front of the building?
Why did the woman go outside the building?
Why did the woman walk out of the building?
Why did the woman come out of the building?
Why did the woman walk outside the building?
Why did the woman go out to the building?
Why did a woman go outside the building?
Why did a woman leave the building?
Why did the woman walk in front of the house?
On Saturday evening, the young woman went for a walk with her sister.
On Saturday evening, a young woman went for a walk with her sister.
On Saturday night, the young woman went for a walk with her sister.
On Saturday evening, the young woman went out for a walk with her sister.
On Saturday night, a young woman went for a walk with her sister.
On Saturday evening the young woman went for a walk with her sister.
On Saturday evening a young woman went for a walk with her sister.
On Saturday evening, a young woman went out for a walk with her sister.
On Saturday night the young woman went for a walk with her sister.
On Saturday evening, a young woman took a walk with her sister.
The problem is that the woman married his brother and both of them regretted it.
The problem is that the woman married his brother and both regretted it.
The problem is that the woman married his brother and they both regretted it.
The problem was that the woman married his brother and both of them regretted it.
The problem is that the woman went for his brother and both of them regretted it.
The problem is that the woman married his brother, and both of them regretted it.
The problem is that the woman went to his brother and both of them regretted it.
The problem is that the woman married to his brother and both of them regretted it.
The problem is that the woman married his brother and they both mourned it.
The problem is that the woman married his brother and both of them regretted that.
After several unsuccessful attempts to restart the car, the woman went outside.
After several failed attempts to restart the car, the woman went outside.
After several unsuccessful attempts to restart the car, the woman went out.
After several unsuccessful attempts to restart the car the woman went outside.
After some unsuccessful attempts to restart the car, the woman went outside.
After several failed attempts to restart the car, the woman went out.
After several unsuccessful attempts to restart the car the woman went out.
After a few failed attempts to restart the car, the woman went outside.
After a few unsuccessful attempts to restart the car the woman went outside.
After some unsuccessful attempts to restart the car, the woman went out.
When the woman came out of hiding, she was taken to the police station.
When the woman came out of hiding, she was taken to a police station.
When the woman went out of hiding, she was taken to the police station.
When the woman left the hideout, she was taken to the police station.
When she came out of hiding, she was taken to the police station.
When the woman came out of hiding, she was arrested by the police.
When the woman came out of hiding, she was detained at the police station.
When the woman came out of hiding, she was detained in the police station.
When the woman came out of hiding, she was detained by the police.
When the woman came out of hiding, she was arrested and taken to the police.
Listening to him, the young woman concluded that he did not know what had happened.
Listening to him, a young woman concluded that he did not know what had happened.
Listening to him, the young woman concluded that he didn't know what had happened.
Listening to him, the young woman concluded that he did not know what happened.
Listening to him, the young woman concluded that he did not know what was going on.
Listening to him, the young woman came to the conclusion that he did not know what happened.
Hearing him, the young woman concluded that he did not know what had happened.
Listening to him, the young woman concluded he did not know what had happened.
Listening to him, a young woman concluded that he did not know what happened.
Listening to him, a young woman came to the conclusion that he did not know what happened.
They did everything to get the woman out of the picture.
They demanded everything to get the woman out of the picture.
They made every effort to get the woman out of the picture.
They wanted everything to get the woman out of the picture.
They tried everything to get the woman out of the picture.
They did everything possible to get the woman out of the picture.
They wanted everything to come out of the picture.
They did everything to get the woman off the picture.
They did everything they could to get the woman off the picture.
They did everything to get the woman out of the painting.
The same greedy man went to sleep on the other side of the street.
The same greedy man went singing to the other side of the street.
The same greedy man went to the other side of the street singing.
The same greedy man went to the other side of the street crying.
The same greedy man went to the other side of the street.
The same greedy man went to the other side of the street in tears.
The same greedy man went to the other side of the street, singing.
The same greedy man went to the other side of the street, crying.
The same stunned man went to the other side of the street.
The same greedy man went singing across the street.
Another man's beard passed through the field of view.
Another man's beard crossed the field of view.
Another beard of the man passed through the field of view.
Another man's beard went through the field of view.
Another bearded man passed through the field of view.
Another beard of a man passed through the field of view.
Another man's beard passed through the field of vision.
Another bearded man went through the field of view.
Another bearded man passed through the field of vision.
Another bearded man crossed the field of view.
A 54-year-old man suffered a heart attack and died.
A 54-year-old man had a heart attack and died.
The 54-year-old man suffered a heart attack and died.
A 54-year-old man underwent a heart attack and died.
The 54-year-old man had a heart attack and died.
A 54-year-old man sustained a heart attack and died.
A 54-year-old man went through a heart attack and died.
A 54-year-old man went into a heart attack and died.
A 54-year-old man passed a heart attack and died.
A 54-year-old man suffered a heart attack and died there.
They took the bag, and the wounded man walked a few steps and sat down on the stairs.
They took the bag, and the wounded man walked a few steps and sat on the stairs.
They took the bag and the injured man walked a few steps and sat down on the stairs.
They took the bag and the wounded man walked a few steps and sat down on the stairs.
They took the bag, and the injured man walked a few steps and sat on the stairs.
They took the bag and the wounded man walked a few steps and sat on the stairs.
They took the bag and the injured man walked a few steps and sat on the stairs.
They took the bag, and the injured man went a few steps and sat on the stairs.
They took the bag, and the injured man walked a few steps and sat down on the steps.
They took the bag, and the injured man walked a few steps and sat down on the stair.
Wait outside - he told the boy when the woman entered the office.
Wait outside - he ordered the boy when the woman entered the office.
Wait outside - he told the boyfriend when the woman entered the office.
Wait outside - he instructed the boy when the woman entered the office.
Wait outside - he ordered the boyfriend when the woman entered the office.
Wait outside - he advised the boy when the woman entered the office.
Wait outside - he directed the boy when the woman entered the office.
Wait outside - he instructed the boyfriend when the woman entered the office.
Wait outside - he told his boyfriend when the woman entered the office.
Wait outside - he told the boy when the woman came into the office.
The door opened and a woman entered the room.
The doors opened and a woman entered the room.
The doors opened and a woman entered the hall.
The door opened and a woman entered the hall.
The doors opened, and a woman entered the room.
The door opened, and a woman entered the room.
The doors opened, and a woman entered the hall.
The door opened, and a woman entered the hall.
The doors were open and a woman entered the room.
The doors were opened and a woman entered the hall.
See, the woman came under my wheel.
See, a woman came under my wheel.
See, the woman came under my wheels.
See, a woman came under my wheels.
See, a woman came in under my wheels.
See, the woman came in under my wheels.
See, a woman came in under my wheel.
See, the woman came in under my wheel.
See, the woman came to me under the wheel.
See, a woman came to me under the wheel.
He did not manage to look at his face, but the woman entered the front room.
He couldn't look at his face, but the woman had already entered the front room.
He tried not to look at his face, but the woman had already entered the front room.
He tried not to look at his face, but the woman entered the front room.
He did not dare to look at his face, but the woman entered the front room.
He did not try to look at his face, but the woman entered the front room.
He could not look at his face, but the woman entered the front room.
He did not dare look at his face, but the woman entered the front room.
He did not manage to look at his face, but the woman entered the front hall.
He did not dare to look at his face, but the woman had already entered the hall.
Despite the immatureness of the relationship, the woman entered the role of a mother.
Despite the immatureness of the relationship, the woman entered the role of mother.
Despite the immatureness of the relationship, a woman entered the role of a mother.
Despite the immature nature of the relationship, the woman entered the role of a mother.
Despite the immature nature of the relationship, the woman entered the role of mother.
Despite the immatureness of the relationship, the woman entered the role of the mother.
Despite the immature nature of the relationship, a woman entered the role of a mother.
Despite the immature relationship, the woman entered the role of a mother.
Despite the immature relationship, the woman entered the role of mother.
Despite the immatureness of the relationship, a woman entered the role of mother.
A 58-year-old woman entered the courtyard on 25 June.
A 58-year-old woman entered on 25 June from the side of the courtyard.
A 58-year-old woman entered the courtyard on June 25.
A 58-year-old woman entered on June 25 from the side of the courtyard.
A 58-year-old woman entered on 25 June from the side of the yard.
A 58-year-old woman entered the courtyard on June 25th.
A 58-year-old woman entered on 25 June from the side of a courtyard.
A 58-year-old woman entered the hallway on 25 June.
A 58-year-old woman entered on 25 June from the courtyard side.
A 58-year-old woman entered on 25 June from the courtyard.
Yesterday, at about 4 a.m., a woman entered the roof of a three-storey building and jumped.
Yesterday, around 4 a.m., a woman entered the roof of a three-storey building and jumped.
Yesterday, at about 4 a.m., a woman entered the roof of a three-story building and jumped.
Yesterday, at about 4 a.m., a woman entered the roof of the 3rd floor building and jumped.
Yesterday, around 4 a.m., a woman entered the roof of a three-story building and jumped.
Yesterday at about 4 a.m., a woman entered the roof of a three-storey building and jumped.
Yesterday, at about 4 p.m., a woman entered the roof of a three-story building and jumped.
Yesterday at about 4 a.m., a woman entered the roof of a three-story building and jumped.
Yesterday, at about 4 p.m., a woman entered the roof of the 3rd floor building and jumped.
Yesterday at about 4 a.m. a woman entered the roof of a three-story building and jumped.
At this time, the woman entered the premises and stole the contents of the package.
At that time, the woman entered the premises and stole the contents of the package.
At this time, the woman entered the premises and stole the contents of the parcel.
At that time, the woman entered the premises and stole the contents of the parcel.
At this time, the woman entered the backyard and stole the contents of the package.
At this time, the woman entered the backroom and stole the contents of the package.
At this time, the woman entered the backyard and stole the contents of the parcel.
At that time, the woman entered the backroom and stole the contents of the package.
At the same time, the woman entered the backroom and stole the contents of the package.
At the same time, the woman entered the backyard and stole the contents of the package.
At the end of the hearing, the woman entered the room, printed a record of the conversation and handed it over to the investigator.
After the hearing, the woman entered the room, printed a record of the conversation and handed it over to the investigator.
At the end of the hearing, the woman entered the room, printed a recording of the conversation and handed it over to the investigator.
At the end of the hearing, the woman entered the room, printed out the recording of the conversation and handed it over to the investigator.
At the end of the interrogation, the woman entered the room, printed a record of the conversation and handed it over to the investigator.
After the hearing, the woman entered the room, printed a recording of the conversation and handed it over to the investigator.
At the end of the hearing, the woman entered the room, printed out the record of the conversation and handed it over to the investigator.
After the hearing, the woman entered the room, printed out the recording of the conversation and handed it over to the investigator.
At the end of the hearing, the woman entered the room, printed a record of the conversation and handed it over to the interrogator.
At the end of the hearing, the woman entered the room, printed a recording of the conversation and handed it over to the interrogator.
One of the witnesses says that the woman entered the neck at track number 3.
One of the witnesses says that the woman entered the neck at track 3.
One of the witnesses says that the woman entered the neck at Track 3.
One of the witnesses says that the woman entered on the neck at track 3.
One of the witnesses says that the woman walked onto the neck at track 3.
One of the witnesses says that the woman entered on the neck at Track 3.
One of the witnesses says that a woman entered the neck at track 3.
One of the witnesses says that the woman went into the neck at track 3.
One witness says that the woman entered the neck at track 3.
One of the witnesses says that the woman walked into the neck at track 3.
The woman who accompanied him entered the house through the window.
The woman who accompanied him entered the house through a window.
A woman accompanying him entered the house through the window.
A woman accompanying him entered the house through a window.
The woman accompanying him entered the house through the window.
The woman who accompanied him entered the house from the window.
The woman who was accompanying him entered the house through the window.
The woman accompanying him entered the house through a window.
The woman who was with him entered the house through the window.
A woman accompanying him entered the house from the window.
Unexpectedly, the woman entered the apartment under the pretext of selling.
Unexpectedly, a woman entered the apartment under the pretext of selling.
Unexpectedly, a woman entered the apartment on the pretext of selling.
Unexpectedly, the woman entered the apartment on the pretext of selling.
Unexpectedly a woman entered the apartment under the pretext of selling.
Unexpectedly, the woman entered the apartment in the form of a sale.
Unexpectedly, a woman entered the apartment in the form of a sale.
Unexpectedly, the woman entered the apartment under the guise of selling.
Unexpectedly, the woman entered the apartment under the pretense of selling.
Unexpectedly, the woman entered the apartment under the pretence of selling.
A woman standing on the opposite side of the hallway entered the corridor.
Standing on the opposite side of the hallway, a woman entered the belt.
A woman standing on the opposite side of the hallway entered the belt.
Standing on the opposite side of the hallway, a woman stepped into the belt.
Standing on the opposite side of the hallway, a woman entered the corridor.
Standing on the opposite side of the hallway, a woman stepped into her belt.
Standing on the opposite side of the hallway, a woman entered into the belt.
Standing on the opposite side of the hallway, a woman entered the corridors.
Standing on the opposite side of the hallway, a woman entered on the belt.
Standing on the opposite side of the hallway, a woman entered on her waist.
I understood that the painful woman had entered one of the pits of spiritism.
I understood that a painful woman had entered one of the pits of spiritism.
I understood that the painful woman had entered one of the pits of spiritualism.
I understood that the painful woman had entered one of the pits of the spirits.
I understood that a painful woman had entered one of the pits of spiritualism.
I understood that the painful woman had entered one of the pits of spirituality.
I understood that a painful woman had entered one of the pits of spirituality.
I understood that a painful woman had entered one of the pits of the spirits.
I understood that the painful woman had entered one of the pits of the spiritism.
I understood that the painful woman had entered one of the pits of the spirit.
When the man went out, thoroughly instructed how to get there, she ran away with relief.
When the man went out, thoroughly instructed how to get there, she breathed with relief.
When the man went out, fully instructed how to get there, she ran away with relief.
When the man went out, fully instructed how to get there, she breathed with relief.
When the man went out, thoroughly instructed how to get there, she fled with relief.
When the man went out, thoroughly instructed how to get there, she was relieved.
When the man went out, exactly instructed how to get there, she ran away with relief.
When the man came out, thoroughly instructed how to get there, she ran away with relief.
When the man went out, thoroughly instructed how to get there, she screamed with relief.
When the man went out, thoroughly instructed how to get there, she breathed out with relief.
Crossing the crowd, a fifty-seven-year-old man went out on a cold morning.
Crossing the crowd, a fifty-seven-year-old man went out on a chilly morning.
Crossing the crowd, a fifty-seven-year-old man came out on a cold morning.
Crossing the crowd, a fifty-seven-year-old man went out on a frosty morning.
Crossing the crowd, a fifty-seven-year-old man went out on a dark morning.
Crossing the crowd, a fifty-seven-year-old man went out on the cold morning.
Crossing the crowd, a fifty-seven-year-old man walked out on a cold morning.
A fifty-seven-year-old man crossed the crowd and went out on a cold morning.
Crossing the crowd, a fifty-seven-year-old man went out for a cold morning.
Crossing the crowd, a fifty-seven-year-old man went out to the cold morning.
A tall, upright man came out of the table and stood before him.
The tall, upright man came out of the table and stood before him.
A tall, upright man came out of the table and stood in front of him.
The tall, upright man came out of the table and stood in front of him.
A tall, standing man came out of the table and stood before him.
The tall, upright man went out of the table and stood before him.
The tall, standing man came out of the table and stood before him.
A tall, standing man came out of the table and stood in front of him.
A tall, upright man went out of the table and stood before him.
The tall, standing man went out of the table and stood before him.
The enraged man went straight out into the hot clay.
The angry man went straight out into the hot clay.
The enraged man went out straight into the hot clay.
The angry man went out straight into the hot clay.
The jealous man went straight out into the hot clay.
The enraged man went straight out in a hot clay.
The enraged man went straight into the hot clay.
The angry man went straight out in a hot clay.
The enraged man went straight out into the hot locker.
The angry man went straight out into the hot locker.
The man left the shelter in the morning.
The man left the hostel in the morning.
The man came out of the shelter in the morning.
The man went out of the shelter in the morning.
The man left the shelter early in the morning.
The man walked out of the shelter in the morning.
The man left the hostel early in the morning.
The man left the hut in the morning.
The man came out of the hostel in the morning.
The man left the camp in the morning.
When the man left the house, he noticed two policemen on the other side of the street.
When the man left the house, he spotted two policemen on the other side of the street.
When he left the house, he noticed two policemen on the other side of the street.
When he left the house, he spotted two policemen on the other side of the street.
When the man left the house, he noticed two cops on the other side of the street.
When the man left the house, he saw two policemen on the other side of the street.
When he left the house, he saw two policemen on the other side of the street.
When the man left the house, he noticed two policemen across the street.
When the man left the house, he noticed two policemen on the other side of the road.
When the man left the house, he spotted two policemen on the other side of the road.
It turned out that the man went out with his 2,5-year-old son.
It turned out that the man left with his 2,5-year-old son.
It turns out that the man left with his 2,5-year-old son.
It turned out that the man went out with his 2,5 year old son.
It turned out that the man went out with his 2,5 year-old son.
It turned out the man went out with his 2,5-year-old son.
It turned out that the man left with his 2,5 year old son.
It turned out that the man left with his 2,5 year-old son.
It turns out that the man went out with his 2,5 year old son.
It turns out that the man went out with his 2,5-year old son.
A 57-year-old man left the house on 23 December.
A 57-year-old man left the house on December 23.
The 57-year-old man left the house on 23 December.
A 57-year-old man left his home on December 23.
The 57-year-old man left the house on December 23.
A 57-year-old man left home on December 23.
A 57-year-old man left his home on 23 December.
A 57-year-old man left home on 23 December.
A 57-year-old man left the home on December 23.
The 57-year-old man left home on December 23.
An enraged man went out of his house and died.
An angry man went out of his house and died.
An enraged man came out of the house and died.
An angry man came out of the house and died.
An enraged man left the house and died.
An angry man left the house and died.
An angry man went out of the house and died.
An angry man walked out of the house and died.
An angry man came out of his house and died.
The poor man left the house and died.
After a while the man left.
After some time the man left.
After a while, the man left.
After some time, the man left.
After some time the man went out.
After some time this man went out.
After a while the man went out.
After some time, the man went out.
After a while, the man went out.
After some time this man left.
When the man left the building, the police came to him.
When the man came out of the building, the police came to him.
When the man left the building, the policemen came to him.
When the man left the building, the policemen approached him.
When the man came out of the building, the policemen approached him.
When the man came out of the building, the policemen came to him.
When the man left the building, the police went to him.
When the man left the building, police came to him.
When the man got out of the building, the police came to him.
When the man came out of the building, the policemen went to him.
One man went out without a coat, his colleague suffered minor injuries.
One man went out without a scarf, his colleague suffered minor injuries.
One man left without a coat, his colleague suffered minor injuries.
One man went out without a jacket, his colleague suffered minor injuries.
One man went out without a seat, his colleague suffered minor injuries.
A man went out without a coat, his colleague suffered minor injuries.
One man left without a coat and his colleague suffered minor injuries.
One man went out without a coat and his colleague suffered minor injuries.
One man walked out without a coat, his colleague suffered minor injuries.
One man left without a jacket, his colleague suffered minor injuries.
The attacked man emerged from the incident with injuries.
The attacked man emerged from the event with injuries.
The attacked man emerged from the scene with injuries.
The injured man escaped with injuries.
The man who was attacked escaped with injuries.
The attacked man escaped with injuries.
The injured man emerged from the scene with injuries.
The injured man emerged from the incident with injuries.
The injured man escaped from the scene with injuries.
The injured man came out of the scene with injuries.
Cleaned of the charges, the man was released from custody.
Cleared of the charges, the man was released from custody.
The man was cleared of charges and was released from custody.
Cleaned of the charges, the man escaped from custody.
The accused man was released from custody.
The man was cleared of charges and released from custody.
He was cleared of charges and was released from custody.
Cleared of the charges, the man escaped from custody.
Cleaned of the charges, the man was released from the prison.
Cleaned of the charges, the man escaped.
After these words, the man left the room.
After these words the man left the room.
After these words the man went out of the room.
After these words the man walked out of the room.
After these words the man came out of the room.
After those words, the man left the room.
After these words, the man left the hall.
After these words the man left the hall.
After these words the man went out of the hall.
After these words the man walked out of the hall.
However, the man came out of the event with only a few scratches.
Nevertheless, the man came out of the event with only a few scratches.
Nevertheless, the man emerged from the event with only a few scratches.
However, the man came out of the incident with only a few scratches.
However, the man escaped with only a few scratches.
However, the man only came out of the event with a few scratches.
However, the man escaped from the event with only a few scratches.
However, the man came out of the event only with a few scratches.
Nevertheless, the man escaped with only a few scratches.
The man, however, escaped with only a few scratches.
The irresponsible man went out the door.
The irresponsible man walked out the door.
The irresponsible man came out the door.
The irresponsible man came out of the door.
An irresponsible man came out of the door.
An irresponsible man walked out the door.
An irresponsible man came out the door.
The irresponsible man came out through the door.
An irresponsible man went out the door.
An irresponsible man walks out the door.
A 49-year-old man went out on the balcony of one of the apartments in a block in Podłęże.
A 49-year-old man went out onto the balcony of one of the apartments in a block in Podłęże.
A 49-year-old man went out on the balcony of one of the apartments in a block in Podłęż.
The 49-year-old man went out onto the balcony of one of the apartments in a block in Podłęże.
A 49-year-old man went out onto the balcony of one of the apartments in a block in Podłęż.
A 49-year-old man walked out onto the balcony of one of the apartments in a block in Podłęże.
The 49-year-old man went out onto the balcony of one of the apartments in a block in Podłęż.
A 49-year-old man went out on the balcony of one of the apartments in a block in Podłęcz.
The 49-year-old man went out onto the balcony of one of the apartments in the block in Podłęże.
A 49-year-old man went out onto the balcony of one of the apartments in a block in Podłęcz.
On Wednesday 30 April, the man went to work in the morning in a single boat.
On Wednesday, April 30, the man went to work in the morning in a single boat.
On Wednesday 30 April, the man went to work in the morning in one bus.
On Wednesday, April 30, the man went to work in the morning in one bus.
On Wednesday, April 30, the man went to work in the morning in one boat.
On Wednesday, 30 April, the man went to work in the morning in a single boat.
On Wednesday, April 30, the man went to work in the morning in one room.
On Wednesday, April 30, the man went to work in the morning in a single bus.
On Wednesday, April 30, the man went to work in the morning in a single room.
On Wednesday, 30 April, the man went to work in the morning in a single bus.
Remember, a 75-year-old man left home on September 17.
Remember, a 75-year-old man left the house on September 17.
Let us remember, a 75-year-old man left home on September 17.
Remember, a 75-year-old man left his home on September 17.
Let's remember, a 75-year-old man left home on September 17.
Let's remember, a 75-year-old man left the house on September 17.
Let us remember, a 75-year-old man left the house on September 17.
Remember, a 75-year-old man left his house on September 17.
Remember, the 75-year-old man left the house on September 17.
Remember, a 75-year-old man left the house on September 17th.
The old man entered through the barrel and rushed in front of himself.
The old man entered through the barrel and rushed in front of him.
The old man entered through the barrel and rushed ahead of him.
The older man entered through a retracted door and rushed ahead of him.
The old man entered through a retracted door and rushed ahead of him.
The old man entered through the barrel and rushed ahead of himself.
The old man entered through the barrel and rushed forward.
The older man entered through a retracted door and rushed ahead of himself.
The old man entered through a retracted door and rushed forward.
The older man entered through a retracted door and rushed forward.
The man entered the apartment immediately before his death.
This man entered the apartment immediately before his death.
The man entered his apartment immediately before his death.
This man entered the apartment right before his death.
This man entered the apartment directly before his death.
The man entered the apartment right before his death.
This man entered his apartment immediately before his death.
The man entered the apartment directly before his death.
The man entered his apartment right before his death.
The man entered the apartment just before his death.
"No problem!" said Marek, and the man entered the apartment.
"No problem!" Marek said, and the man entered the apartment.
"No problem!" said Marek, and the man went into the apartment.
"No problem!" said Marek, and the man entered his apartment.
"No problem!" said Marek, and the man went into his apartment.
"No problem!" said Marek, and the man entered the flat.
"No problem!" said Marek and the man entered the apartment.
"No problem!" - said Marek, and the man entered the apartment.
'No problem!' said Marek, and the man entered the apartment.
"No problem!" - said Marek, and the man entered the flat.
Some older, very elegant man entered the tent at Mokotowska.
An elderly, very elegant man entered the apartment building near Mokotowska.
An older, very elegant man entered the apartment building near Mokotowska.
Some older, very elegant man entered the tent near Mokotowska.
Some older, very elegant man entered the apartment building near Mokotowska.
An older, very elegant man entered the tent at Mokotowska.
An elderly, very elegant man entered the apartment building at Mokotowska.
An elderly, very elegant man entered the tent at Mokotowska.
An elderly, very elegant man entered a tenement at Mokotowska.
An elderly, very elegant man entered the apartment building near Mokotowa.
A tall, well-built man entered the courtyard, and immediately behind him several others.
The tall, well-built man entered the courtyard, and immediately behind him several others.
A tall, well-built man entered the courtyard, and just behind him several others.
A tall, well-built man entered the courtyard, and immediately behind him a few others.
A tall, well-built man entered the courtyard, and several others immediately behind him.
A tall, well-built man entered the courtyard, and a few others immediately behind him.
A tall, well-built man entered the courtyard, and just behind him a few others.
A tall, well-built man entered the courtyard, and immediately after him several others.
A tall, well-built man entered the courtyard and a few others immediately behind him.
A tall, well-built man entered the courtyard and several others immediately behind him.
The tall, slim man entered the room, looking at the whole scene for a moment.
A tall, slim man entered the room, looking at the whole scene for a moment.
The tall, slim man entered the room, glancing at the whole scene for a moment.
A tall, slim man entered the room, glancing at the whole scene for a moment.
The tall, slim man entered the room, looking at the scene for a moment.
The tall, slim man entered the room, for a moment looking at the whole scene.
The tall, slim man entered the room for a moment, looking at the whole scene.
A tall, slim man entered the room, for a moment looking at the whole scene.
The tall, slim man entered the room, for a moment, looking at the whole scene.
A tall, slim man entered the room for a moment, looking at the whole scene.
A man from a mental hospital went to kindergarten and killed a five-year-old girl.
From a hospital for neurologically ill men entered kindergarten and killed a five-year-old girl.
A man from a hospital for nervous patients entered the kindergarten and killed a five-year-old girl.
A man from a hospital for neurological patients entered the kindergarten and killed a five-year-old girl.
A man from a hospital for nervous patients entered a kindergarten and killed a five-year-old girl.
A man from a hospital for nervous patients entered kindergarten and killed a five-year-old girl.
A man from a hospital for mentally ill men entered kindergarten and killed a five-year-old girl.
A man from a hospital for mentally ill men entered the kindergarten and killed a five-year-old girl.
A man from a hospital for mentally ill men entered a kindergarten and killed a five-year-old girl.
A man from a hospital for mentally ill children entered the kindergarten and killed a five-year-old girl.
Fifty-year-old, to the eye, the man entered first.
Fifty-year-old, for an eye, the man entered first.
Fifty-year-old, for the eye, the man entered first.
Fifty-year-old, on the eye, the man entered first.
Fifty-year-old, to the eye, a man entered first.
Fifty-year-old, in the eye, the man entered first.
Fifty-year-old, at the eye, the man entered first.
Fifty-year-old, to the eye, the man entered the first.
Fifty-year-old, at eye, the man entered first.
Fifty-year-old, to the eye, the man went first.
He gave the wine, and when the young man entered the house, his friends answered.
He gave the wine, and when the young man entered the house, his friends answered him.
He gave the wine, and when the young man entered the house, the friend answered.
He gave wine, and when the young man entered the house, his friends answered.
He gave the wine, and when the young man entered the house, a friend answered.
He gave the wine, and when the young man entered the house, his friend answered.
He gave wine, and when the young man entered the house, his friends answered him.
He gave the wine, and when the young man entered the house, a friend answered him.
He brought the wine, and when the young man entered the house, his friends answered.
He gave the wine, and when the young man entered the house, the friends answered.
10 meters from him, the man entered the middle of the track.
10 meters from him, the man entered the middle of the driveway.
10 meters from him, the man entered the middle of the road.
10 meters from him, a man entered the middle of the track.
10 meters away, the man entered the middle of the track.
10 meters from him, the man entered the middle of the roadway.
Ten meters from him, the man entered the middle of the track.
10 metres from him, the man entered the middle of the track.
10 meters from it, the man entered the middle of the track.
10 meters from him, the man entered the middle of the tracks.
An unsuspecting man entered under the overflowing rain.
An unruly man entered under the overflowing rain.
An insecure man entered under the overflowing rain.
An unsuspecting man enters under the overflowing rain.
An unsuspecting man entered under the overflowing fog.
An unsuspecting man entered under the coming rain.
An unsuspecting man entered the overflowing rain.
An unsuspecting man entered under the rising rain.
An unsuspecting man entered under the approaching rain.
An unsuspecting man entered under an overflowing rain.
As the officers determined, the man entered the area of one of the estates.
As the officers determined the man entered the area of one of the estates.
As officials determined, the man entered the area of one of the estates.
As determined by officers, the man entered the area of one of the estates.
As the officers determined, the man entered the land of one of the estates.
As officers determined, the man entered the area of one of the estates.
As officials determined the man entered the area of one of the estates.
As officers determined the man entered the area of one of the estates.
As the officers determined, the man entered the territory of one of the properties.
As the officers determined, the man entered the territory of one of the property.
When the woman lost consciousness, the man entered the neighbouring bar of the apartment.
When the woman lost consciousness, the man entered the neighbouring apartment bar.
When the woman lost consciousness, the man entered the neighbouring apartment's bar.
When the woman lost her consciousness, the man entered the neighbouring apartment bar.
When the woman lost consciousness, the man entered the neighboring bar of the apartment.
When the woman lost consciousness, the man entered the neighborhood bar of the apartment.
When the woman lost consciousness, the man entered the apartment's neighbouring bar.
When the woman lost consciousness, the man entered the adjacent bar of the apartment.
When the woman lost her consciousness, the man entered the neighborhood bar of the apartment.
When the woman lost consciousness, the man entered the neighboring apartment bar.
It is revealed that an unsuspecting man entered the cashier's room and hit her from behind.
It is revealed that the unsuspecting man entered the cashier's room and hit her from behind.
It is revealed that an unsuspecting man entered the cashier's room and struck her from behind.
It is revealed that the unsuspecting man entered the cashier's room and struck her from behind.
It is revealed that an unsuspecting man entered the cashier's room and hit her from the back.
It is revealed that the unsuspecting man entered the cashier's room and hit her from the back.
It is revealed that an unarmed man entered the cashier's room and hit her from behind.
It is revealed that an unidentified man entered the cashier's room and hit her from behind.
It is revealed that an unmarried man entered the cashier's room and hit her from behind.
It is revealed that an unarmed man entered the cashier's room and struck her from behind.
On 24 December, in Alexandrov, a 30-year-old man entered a pedestrian deck on the highway.
On 24 December, in Alexandrov, a 30-year-old man entered a pedestrian pad on the highway.
On 24 December, in Alexandrov, a 30-year-old man entered a pedestrian deck over the highway.
On 24 December, in Alexandrov, a 30-year-old man entered a pedestrian paddock on the highway.
On December 24, in Alexandrov, a 30-year-old man entered a pedestrian deck on the highway.
On December 24, in Alexandrov, a 30-year-old man entered a pedestrian pad on the highway.
On 24 December, in Alexandrov, a 30-year-old man entered a pedestrian paddle on the highway.
On 24 December, in Alexandrov, a 30-year-old man entered a pedestrian pad on a highway.
On 24 December, in Alexandrov, a 30-year-old man entered a pedestrian deck on a highway.
On 24 December, in Alexandrov, a 30-year-old man entered a pedestrian deck over a highway.
At the height of Kijowska Street, a man entered the truck in an unauthorized place.
At the height of Kijowska Street, a man entered the loading station in an unauthorized place.
At the height of Kijowska Street, a man entered the truck in an unauthorized location.
At the height of Kijowska Street, a man entered the trucking station in an unauthorized place.
At the height of Kijowska Street, a man entered the loading place in an unauthorized place.
At the height of Kijowska Street a man entered the loading station in an unauthorized place.
At the height of Kijowska Street, a man entered the truck in an unauthorised place.
At the height of Kijowska Street, a man entered the loading station in an unauthorized location.
At the height of Kijowska Street, a man entered the trucking station in an unauthorized location.
At the height of Kijowska Street, a man entered the loading station in an unauthorised place.
A few minutes after 16 o'clock, a man entered the facility and robbed a 23-year-old cashier.
A few minutes after 16 o'clock, a man entered the facility and kidnapped a 23-year-old cashier.
A few minutes later, at 16 o'clock, a man entered the facility and robbed a 23-year-old cashier.
A few minutes later, at 16 o'clock, a man entered the facility and kidnapped a 23-year-old cashier.
A few minutes after 6:00 p.m., a man entered the facility and robbed a 23-year-old cashier.
A few minutes after 6:00 p.m., a man entered the facility and kidnapped a 23-year-old cashier.
A few minutes after 4:00 p.m., a man entered the facility and robbed a 23-year-old cashier.
A few minutes after 4:00 p.m., a man entered the facility and kidnapped a 23-year-old cashier.
A few minutes after 16 o'clock, a man entered the facility and kidnapped a 23-year-old casino owner.
A few minutes after 16 o'clock, a man entered the facility and robbed a 23-year-old casino owner.
An unknown man entered the house.
An unknown man entered the room.
An unknown man entered the place.
An unknown man entered the premises.
An unknown man enters the house.
An unknown man enters the room.
An unknown man entered the area.
An unknown man entered the building.
An unknown man entered the restaurant.
An unknown man entered the scene.
When they reached the property, the older man entered the courtyard.
When they got to the property, the older man entered the courtyard.
When they reached the property, the old man entered the courtyard.
When they reached the property, the older man entered the yard.
When they reached the property, an older man entered the courtyard.
When they reached the property, the elderly man entered the yard.
When they arrived at the property, the older man entered the courtyard.
When they reached the estate, the older man entered the courtyard.
When they got to the property, the older man entered the yard.
When they reached the property, the old man entered the yard.
The man was searched by the police and entered the damaged apartment in an attempt to carry out a technical inspection.
The man was searched by the police and entered the damaged apartment as if performing a technical inspection.
The man was searched by the police and entered the damaged apartment in an attempt to perform a technical inspection.
The man was searched by the police and entered the damaged apartment as a result of a technical inspection.
The man was searched by the police and entered the damaged apartment, apparently undergoing a technical inspection.
The man was searched by the police and entered the damaged flat as a result of a technical inspection.
The man was searched by the police and entered the damaged apartment in the presence of a technical inspection.
The man was searched by the police and entered the damaged apartment as a result of technical inspection.
The man was searched by the police and entered the damaged apartment as a result of technical inspections.
The man was searched by the police and entered the damaged apartment, allegedly carrying out a technical check.
On Sunday morning, a 59-year-old man entered the neighborhood with a knife.
On Sunday morning, a 59-year-old man entered the neighbourhood with a knife.
On Sunday morning a 59-year-old man entered the neighbourhood with a knife.
On Sunday morning, a 59-year-old man entered his neighbours with a knife.
On Sunday at dawn, a 59-year-old man entered the neighborhood with a knife.
On Sunday morning a 59-year-old man entered the neighborhood with a knife.
On Sunday morning, a 59-year-old man entered his neighbourhood with a knife.
On Sunday morning, a 59-year-old man entered his neighbors with a knife.
On Sunday morning, a 59-year-old man entered his neighborhood with a knife.
On Sunday morning, a 59-year-old man entered the neighbourhood with his knife.
A few minutes before midnight, a 29-year-old man entered the driveway directly underneath the wheel of the car.
A few minutes before midnight, a 29-year-old man entered the driveway directly under the wheel of the car.
A few minutes before midnight, a 29-year-old man entered the driveway directly below the wheel of the car.
Several minutes before midnight, a 29-year-old man entered the driveway directly under the wheel of the car.
Several minutes before midnight, a 29-year-old man entered the driveway directly below the wheel of the car.
A few minutes before midnight, a 29-year-old man entered the driveway directly under the wheels of the car.
A few minutes before midnight, a 29-year-old man entered a driveway directly below the wheel of the car.
A few minutes before midnight, a 29-year-old man entered a driveway directly under the wheel of the car.
Several minutes before midnight, a 29-year-old man entered a driveway directly below the wheel of the car.
A few minutes before midnight, a 29-year-old man entered the driveway directly underneath the wheel of the vehicle.
Last Tuesday, the man entered one of the shops in the neighborhood.
Last Tuesday, the man walked into one of the shops in the neighborhood.
Last Tuesday, the man went into one of the shops in the neighborhood.
Last Tuesday, the man entered one of the shops in the village.
Last Tuesday the man entered one of the shops in the neighborhood.
Last Tuesday, a man entered one of the shops in the neighborhood.
Last Tuesday the man went into one of the shops in the neighborhood.
Last Tuesday, the man went into one of the shops in the village.
Last Tuesday the man entered one of the shops in the village.
Last Tuesday the man walked into one of the shops in the neighborhood.
The man entered the sea with the intention of committing suicide.
A man entered the sea with the intention of committing suicide.
The man entered the boat with the intention of committing suicide.
The man entered the harbor with the intention of committing suicide.
The man entered the port with the intention of committing suicide.
The man entered the ship with the intention of committing suicide.
A man enters the sea with the intention of committing suicide.
The man entered the pier with the intention of committing suicide.
A man entered the boat with the intention of committing suicide.
The man entered the sea with the intent of committing suicide.
Investigations into the neighbors claim that the man entered the store and stole the goods.
Investigations into the neighbors claim that the man entered the shop and stole the goods.
Investigations into the neighbourhood claim that the man entered the shop and stole the goods.
Investigations into the neighbourhood claim that the man entered the store and stole the goods.
Investigations into the neighbors claim that the man went into the shop and stole the goods.
Investigations into the neighbors claim that the man went into the store and stole the goods.
Investigations into the neighbors claim that the man entered the store and stole goods.
Investigations into the neighborhood claim that the man entered the shop and stole the goods.
Investigations into the neighborhood claim that the man entered the store and stole the goods.
Investigations into the neighbors claim that the man entered the shop and stole goods.
A drunken young man entered one of the estates in the settlement.
A drunken young man entered one of the estates on the estate.
A drunken young man entered one of the estates in the village.
A drunken young man entered one of the estates in the estate.
A drunken young man entered one of the estates.
A drunken young man entered one of the estates of the settlement.
A drunken young man entered one of the estates in the neighborhood.
The drunken young man entered one of the estates in the settlement.
The drunken young man entered one of the estates in the village.
A drunken young man enters one of the estates in the village.
On June 6, an unknown man entered one of the houses in Constantinople.
On 6 June, an unknown man entered one of the houses in Constantinople.
On June 6, an unknown man entered one of the houses in Konstantina.
On June 6 an unknown man entered one of the houses in Constantinople.
On 6 June an unknown man entered one of the houses in Constantinople.
On 6 June, an unknown man entered one of the houses in Konstantina.
On June 6, an unknown man entered a house in Constantinople.
On June 6, an unknown man entered one of the houses in Constance.
On June 6, an unknown man entered one of the houses in Constantine.
On June 6 an unknown man entered one of the houses in Konstantina.
The young man entered the boat without a ticket.
A young man entered the boat without a ticket.
The young man entered the boat, without a ticket.
The young man entered by boat, without a ticket.
The young man entered by boat without a ticket.
The young man entered through the raft without a ticket.
A young man entered the boat, without a ticket.
The young man entered the flat without a ticket.
The young man entered through the boat without a ticket.
The young man entered through the raft, without tickets.
It is revealed that in Żurobice, a man entered the property of his brother and began a dispute.
It is revealed that in Żurobice, a man entered the property of his brother and started a dispute.
It is revealed that in Żurobice a man entered the property of his brother and started a dispute.
It is revealed that in Żurobice a man entered the property of his brother and began a dispute.
It is revealed that in Żurobice, a man entered the property of his brother and began a fight.
It is revealed that in Żurobice, a man entered his brother's estate and began a dispute.
It is revealed that in Żurobice, a man entered the property of his brother and started a fight.
It is revealed that in Żurobice, a man entered his brother's estate and started a dispute.
It is revealed that in Żurobice a man entered his brother's estate and started a dispute.
It is revealed that in Żurobice a man entered his brother's estate and began a dispute.
The young man entered the workshop and asked the expedient for advice.
The young man entered the workshop, asked the expedient for advice.
The young man entered the workshop and asked the expeditioner for advice.
The young man entered the workshop, asked the expeditioner for advice.
A young man entered the workshop and asked the expedient for advice.
A young man entered the workshop, asked the expedient for advice.
The young man entered the studio and asked the expedient for advice.
The young man went into the workshop and asked the expedient for advice.
The young man went into the workshop, asked the expedient for advice.
The young man entered the workshop and asked the expedient to give him advice.
About 20 o'clock a young man entered the telecommunication tower in the center.
About 20 o'clock the young man entered the telecommunication tower in the center.
Around 20 o'clock a young man entered the telecommunication tower in the center.
Around 20 o'clock, a young man entered the telecommunication tower in the center.
About 20 o'clock, a young man entered the telecommunication tower in the center.
At about 20 o'clock a young man entered the telecommunication tower in the center.
At about 20 o'clock, a young man entered the telecommunication tower in the center.
About 20 o'clock a young man entered a telecommunication tower in the center.
Around 20 a.m., a young man entered the telecommunication tower in the center.
About 20 o'clock a young man entered the telecommunication tower in the centre.
At 11 a.m., the man entered the ditch near the grave.
At 11 a.m., the man entered the soil near the grave.
At 11 a.m., the man entered the pit near the grave.
At 11 a.m., the man entered the ditch at the grave.
At 11 a.m., the man entered the slope by the grave.
At 11 a.m., the man entered the ditch by the grave.
At 11 a.m., the man entered the rock near the grave.
At 11 a.m., the man entered the ditch by the moat.
At 11 a.m., the man entered the ditch near the moat.
At 11 a.m., the man entered the soil by the grave.
The poor man went to the cosmodrome.
The poor man went towards the cosmodrome.
The poor man left for the cosmodrome.
The poor man went to the space station.
The poor man went to the Cosmodrome.
The poor man left towards the cosmodrome.
The poor man headed towards the cosmodrome.
The poor man went away to the cosmodrome.
The poor man went towards the space station.
The poor man went to the cosmodrom.
The young man left this world in the sight of all.
The young man left this world in the eyes of all.
The young man departed from this world in the sight of all.
The young man left the world in the sight of all.
The young man left this world in the sight of everyone.
A young man left this world in the sight of all.
The young man has left this world in the sight of all.
A young man has left this world in the sight of all.
The young man left the world in the eyes of all.
A young man left this world in the eyes of all.
A 22-year-old man left for a moment to swim in the lake.
A 22-year-old man left for a while to swim in the lake.
The 22-year-old man left for a moment to swim in the lake.
The 22-year-old man left for a while to swim in the lake.
A 22-year-old man went away for a while to swim in the lake.
A 22-year-old man went away for a moment to swim in the lake.
The 22-year-old man went away for a moment to swim in the lake.
The 22-year-old man went away for a while to swim in the lake.
A 22-year-old man left for a moment to swim in a lake.
A 22-year-old man left for a while to swim in a lake.
She did not resist, gave away the phone and the man left.
She did not resist, gave up the phone and the man left.
She did not resist, gave the phone away and the man left.
She did not resist, gave up the phone, and the man left.
She did not resist, gave the phone away, and the man left.
She did not resist, gave away the phone, and the man left.
She did not resist, gave the phone and the man left.
She did not resist, turned off the phone and the man left.
She did not resist, she gave away the phone and the man left.
She did not resist, she gave up the phone and the man left.
When the man got a little closer to himself, he left the room, trying to keep his peace.
When the man got a little closer to himself, he went out of the room, trying to keep calm.
When the man came a little closer to himself, he went out of the room, trying to keep calm.
When the man got a little closer to himself, he left the room, trying to keep calm.
When the man came a little closer to himself, he left the room, trying to keep calm.
When the man got a little closer to himself, he left the room, trying to stay calm.
When the man got a little closer to himself, he went out of the room, trying to stay calm.
When the man got a little closer to himself, he left the room trying to keep calm.
When the man got a little closer to himself, he went out of the room, trying to keep quiet.
When the man came a little closer to himself, he went out of the room, trying to keep peace.
The woman went through a green light on the other side of the street.
The woman went through the green light to the other side of the street.
The woman crossed in the green light to the other side of the street.
The woman went through a green light to the other side of the street.
The woman passed through the green light on the other side of the street.
The woman went through the green lights to the other side of the street.
The woman went through the green light on the other side of the street.
The woman crossed the green light to the other side of the street.
The woman crossed in the green light on the other side of the street.
The woman passed the green light on the other side of the street.
"I'll follow her," he said. Then the woman passed by him, quickly.
"I'll follow her," he said. Then the woman passed by him quickly.
"I will follow her," he said. Then the woman passed by him, quickly.
"I'll go after her," he said. Then the woman passed by him quickly.
"I'll follow her," he said. Then the woman passed him quickly.
"I'll follow her," he said. Then the woman passed him, quickly.
"I will go after her," he said. Then the woman passed by him, quickly.
"I will follow her," he said. Then the woman passed by him quickly.
'I'll follow her,' he said. Then the woman passed by him, quickly.
"I'll go after her," he said. Then the woman passed him, quickly.
A young woman passed by them and a horse.
A young woman walked past them and a horse.
A young woman passed next to them and a horse.
A young woman passed by them and a dog.
A young woman passed past them and a horse.
A young woman passed by them and the horse.
A young woman went past them and a horse.
A young woman walks past them and a horse.
A young woman passed by them and her horse.
A young woman walked past them and the horse.
Research has shown that the woman suffered a vertical stroke.
Studies have shown that the woman suffered a vertical stroke.
Research has shown that the woman has suffered a vertical stroke.
Studies have shown that the woman has suffered a vertical stroke.
Research showed that the woman had suffered a vertical stroke.
Research has shown that a woman has suffered a vertical stroke.
Studies have shown that a woman has suffered a vertical stroke.
Studies showed that the woman had suffered a vertical stroke.
The study showed that the woman had suffered a vertical stroke.
Research showed that the woman suffered a vertical stroke.
Before the birth of the triplets, the woman underwent hormonal treatment.
Before the birth of the triplets, the woman underwent hormonal therapy.
Before the birth of the twins, the woman underwent hormonal treatment.
Before the birth of triplets, the woman underwent hormonal treatment.
Before giving birth to triplets, the woman underwent hormonal treatment.
Prior to the birth of the triplets, the woman underwent hormonal treatment.
Before the birth of the triplets, the woman underwent hormone treatment.
Before the birth of the triplets, the woman underwent a hormonal treatment.
Prior to the birth of the twins, the woman underwent hormonal treatment.
Before the birth of the triplets, the woman underwent a hormone treatment.
This woman went through hell - she hit the street.
This woman went through hell - she ended up on the street.
This woman went through hell - she found herself on the street.
This woman went through hell - she came to the street.
This woman went to hell - she hit the street.
This woman went through hell - she got on the street.
This woman went through hell - she ended up in the street.
This woman went through hell - she went to the street.
This woman went to hell - she got on the street.
This woman went through hell - she was on the street.
The skull attacked the lymph nodes, and the woman underwent serious surgery.
The skull attacked the lymph nodes, and the woman underwent a serious operation.
The skull attacked the lymph nodes, and the woman underwent a serious surgery.
The skull attacked the lymph nodes, and the woman underwent severe surgery.
The skull attacked the lymph nodes, the woman underwent serious surgery.
The skull attacked the lymph nodes, the woman underwent a serious operation.
The skull attacked the lymph nodes, the woman underwent a serious surgery.
The skull attacked the lymph nodes, the woman underwent severe surgery.
The skull attacked the lymph nodes and the woman underwent serious surgery.
The skull attacked the lymph nodes and the woman underwent severe surgery.
When the man went into the depths, probably to repair the crash, the machine rushed unexpectedly.
When the man went into the depths, probably to repair the fault, the machine rushed unexpectedly.
When the man went into the depths, presumably to repair the crash, the machine rushed unexpectedly.
When the man went into the depths, probably to repair the crash, the machine started unexpectedly.
When the man went into the depths, probably to repair a fault, the machine rushed unexpectedly.
When the man went into the depths, presumably to repair the fault, the machine rushed unexpectedly.
When the man went into the depths, probably to fix the crash, the machine rushed unexpectedly.
When the man went into the depths, probably to repair the fault, the machine started unexpectedly.
When the man went into the depths, presumably to repair the crash, the machine started unexpectedly.
When the man went into the depths, probably to repair the crash, the machine went unexpectedly.
Why did this child enter the bed? - she asked.
Why did this child enter the bed?" she asked.
Why did the child enter the bed? - she asked.
Why did this child enter the bed? she asked.
Why did the child enter the bed?" she asked.
Why did the child enter the bed? she asked.
Why did this child come under the bed? - she asked.
Why did this child go under the bed? - she asked.
Why did the child come under the bed? - she asked.
Why did this child come under the bed? she asked.
We learned from the police, the child entered on the boards burned by the ghost.
We learned from the police, the child entered the boards burned by the ghost.
We learnt from the police, the child entered on the boards burned by the ghost.
We learnt from the police, the child entered the boards burned by the ghost.
We learned from the police that the child entered on the boards burned by the ghost.
We learned from the police, the child entered on the boards burned by a ghost.
We learnt from the police, the child entered on the boards burned by a ghost.
We learned from the police, the child entered on the boards burned by the witch.
We learnt from the police, the child entered on the boards burned with the ghost.
We learnt from the police, the child entered on the boards burned by the witch.
As it turned out, when the child entered the window, no one noticed.
As it turned out, when the child entered the window, no one was aware.
As it turns out, when the child entered the window, no one noticed.
As it turned out, when the child entered the window, no one was able to understand.
As it turned out, when the child entered the window, no one got to know.
As it turned out, when the child entered the window, no one was aware of it.
As it turns out, when the child entered the window, no one was aware.
As it turns out, when the child entered the window, no one got to know.
As it turned out, when the child entered the window, no one was able to see.
As it turned out, when the child entered the window, no one was able to make sense.
She prayed for Barbara's intentions to get the child on the right path.
She prayed for Barbara's intention to get the child on the right path.
She prayed for Barbara's intention to take this child on a good path.
She prayed for Barbara's intentions to get the child on the right track.
She prayed for Barbara's intention to get the child on the right track.
She prayed for Barbara's intentions that this child should go on a good path.
She prayed for Barbara's intentions that the child should go on a good path.
She prayed for Barbara's intentions to get the child on a good path.
She prayed to Barbara's intentions that the child should go on a good path.
She prayed for Barbara's intentions that the child should go on a good road.
The dramatic experiences that the child went through could not be ignored.
The dramatic experiences the child went through could not be ignored.
The dramatic experiences the child experienced could not be ignored.
The dramatic experiences of the child could not be ignored.
The dramatic experiences that the child experienced could not be ignored.
The dramatic experiences that the child had gone through could not be ignored.
The dramatic experiences that the child went through were not to be ignored.
The dramatic experiences the child went through were not to be ignored.
The dramatic experiences that the child had gone through were not to be ignored.
The dramatic experiences that the child has gone through were not to be ignored.
It is very important for your child to pass such a test!
It is very important for your child to pass such an examination!
It is very important that your child has passed such a test!
It is very important that your child has passed such an examination!
It is very important that your child undergoes such a test!
It is very important that your child undergo such a test!
It is very important for your child to have passed such a test!
It is very important that your child passes such a test!
It is very important for your child to undergo such a test!
It is very important for your child to pass such an examination.
Surely he knew. - How many children have undergone surgery? - A few.
Surely he knew. - How many children have undergone surgery? - Several.
He certainly knew. - How many children have undergone surgery? - A few.
He certainly knew. - How many children have undergone surgery? - Several.
Surely he knew. – How many children have undergone surgery? – A few.
Of course he knew. - How many children have undergone surgery? - A few.
Surely he knew. - How many children have had surgery? - A few.
Surely he knew. - How many children have had surgery? - Several.
Surely he knew. - How many children underwent surgery? - Several.
Surely he knew. - How many children have undergone surgery? - A couple.
However, the real disaster occurred on 22 July.
However, a real disaster occurred on 22 July.
However, the real disaster occurred on July 22.
However, the actual disaster occurred on 22 July.
The real disaster, however, occurred on July 22.
The real disaster occurred on 22 July.
However, a real disaster occurred on July 22.
The actual disaster occurred on 22 July.
However, the actual disaster occurred on July 22.
However, the disaster occurred on 22 July.
With a heavy heart he conveyed to them the message that the innocent child passed away irrevocably.
With a heavy heart he conveyed to them the message that the innocent child left irrevocably.
With a heavy heart he conveyed to them the message that the innocent child departed irrevocably.
With a heavy heart he conveyed to them the message that the innocent child went away irrevocably.
With a heavy heart he conveyed to them the message that the innocent child had left irrevocably.
With a heavy heart he conveyed to them the message that the innocent child had departed irrevocably.
With a heavy heart he gave them the message that the innocent child had left irrevocably.
With a heavy heart he conveyed to them the message that the innocent child departed without retaliation.
With a heavy heart he conveyed to them the message that the innocent child passed away irreversibly.
With a heavy heart he conveyed to them the message that the innocent child had departed without a return.
So the child left in terrible agony.
So the child went away in terrible agony.
So the child left in terrifying agony.
So the child left in horrible agony.
So the child went away in horrible agony.
So the baby left in terrible agony.
So the baby went away in terrible agony.
So the child departed in terrible agony.
So the child left in a terrible agony.
So the child went away in terrible pain.
Fortunately, only a few left.
Fortunately, only a few went away.
Luckily, only a few left.
Fortunately, only a few people left.
Fortunately only a few left.
Fortunately, only a few have left.
Thankfully, only a few left.
Fortunately there were only a few left.
Fortunately, only a few went.
Fortunately, there were only a few.
She wanted to organize a new life for the rape, and the child went to the other side.
She wanted to arrange a new life for her, and the child went to the other side.
She wanted to organize a new life for the rape, the child went to the other side.
She wanted to organize a new life for the rape, but the child went to the other side.
She wanted to arrange a new life for her, but the child went to the other side.
She wanted to arrange a new life, but the child went to the other side.
She wanted to organize a new life for the rape, and the child went to a different place.
She wanted to arrange a new life for her, and the child went to a different place.
She wanted to organize a new life for the rape, and the child went to a different direction.
She wanted to arrange a new life for her, and the child went to the other side of the street.
The sun had passed for three weeks, and no one had predicted that a strong storm would complicate the polar night.
The sun was gone for three weeks, and no one had predicted that a strong storm would complicate the polar night.
The sun had passed for three weeks, and no one had predicted that the polar night would be complicated by a strong storm.
The sun was gone for three weeks, and no one predicted that a strong storm would complicate the polar night.
The sun was gone for three weeks, and no one predicted that the polar night would be complicated by a strong storm.
The sun was set for three weeks, and no one had predicted that a strong storm would complicate the polar night.
The sun has passed for three weeks, and no one has predicted that a strong storm will complicate the polar night.
The sun was out for three weeks, and no one had predicted that a strong storm would complicate the polar night.
The sun has passed for three weeks, and no one had predicted that a strong storm would complicate the polar night.
The sun had passed for three weeks, and no one had predicted that the polar night would be complicated by a powerful storm.
Before the sun went down, the house was heated.
Before the sun set, the house was heated.
Before the sun went down, the house was warmed.
Before the sun came down, the house was heated.
Before the sun was set, the house was heated.
Before the sun set, the house was warmed.
Before the sun set, the house was warmed up.
Before the sun went down, the house was warm.
Before the sun set, the house was warm.
Before the sun came down, the house was warmed.
The sun was shining outside the furnace.
The next day, the sun set behind Furki's garage.
The sun was shining outside Furki's garage.
The sun was shining behind Furki's garage.
The sun was shining outside Furka's garage.
The next day, the sun set behind Furka's garage.
The sun was set behind Furki's garage.
The sun was shining behind Furki's shed.
The sun was shining behind Furki's hut.
The sun was shining behind Furka's hut.
Finally the sun went down and the night began.
Finally the sun went down and the night came.
Finally, the sun went down and the night began.
At last the sun went down and the night began.
Finally the sun went down and the night rose.
Finally, the sun went down and the night came.
At last the sun went down and the night came.
Finally the sun went down and the night was over.
Finally the sun set and the night began.
Finally the sun came down and the night began.
The wind was sweeping, and the sun was behind a dark cloud.
The wind was sweeping, the sun was behind a dark cloud.
The wind was sweeping, and the sun was behind the dark cloud.
The wind was sweeping and the sun was behind a dark cloud.
The wind was sweeping, the sun was behind the dark cloud.
The wind was sweeping and the sun was behind the dark cloud.
The wind was sweeping and the sun was setting behind a dark cloud.
The wind was sweeping, the sun was behind the dark clouds.
The wind was sweeping and the sun was behind the dark clouds.
The wind was sweeping, the sun behind the dark cloud.
Although the sun went my way in that union.
Though the sun went my way in that union.
Even though the sun went my way in that union.
Although the sun set my way in that union.
Although the sun passed my way in that union.
Although the sun has passed my way in that union.
Although the sun passed me the way in that union.
Although the sun went my way in that unity.
Although the sun set my way into that union.
Although the sun went my way in the union.
I waited until the sun went down.
I waited until the sun came down.
I waited until the sun was down.
I waited for the sun to come down.
I waited for the sun to go down.
I waited till the sun went down.
I waited for the sun to set down.
I waited till the sun came down.
I waited for the sun to descend.
I waited for the sun to set.
The sun was gone, they were already far away on the way.
The sun was gone, they were already far on the way.
Before the sun went down, they were already far away on their way.
Before the sun went down, they were already far away on the way.
The sun was gone, they were already far away on their way.
The sun was not gone, they were already far away on the way.
The sun had not set, they were already far away on the way.
The sun had not set, they were already far away on their way.
Before the sun went down, they were already far away on the road.
The sun was gone, they were already far away on the road.
Although the sun was down, the courtyard was still bright.
Although the sun was out, the courtyard was still bright.
Even though the sun was down, the courtyard was still bright.
Although the sun was gone, the courtyard was still bright.
Although the sun was down, the courtyard was still clear.
Even though the sun was out, the courtyard was still bright.
Though the sun was down, the courtyard was still bright.
Although the sun was out, the courtyard was still clear.
Though the sun was out, the courtyard was still bright.
Although the sun had set, the courtyard was still bright.
When the sun went beyond the imitations of the walls of the northern Uggioforte, the sky took darker colors.
When the sun went beyond the imitations of the northern walls of Uggioforte, the sky took darker colors.
When the sun went beyond the imitations of the northern walls of Uggioforte, the sky took darker colours.
When the sun went beyond the imitations of the walls of the northern Uggioforte, the sky became darker.
When the sun set outside the imitations of the walls of the northern Uggioforte, the sky took darker colors.
When the sun set outside the imitation walls of the northern Uggioforte, the sky took darker colors.
When the sun went beyond the imitations of the walls of northern Uggioforte, the sky took darker colors.
When the sun passed beyond the imitations of the walls of the northern Uggioforte, the sky took darker colors.
When the sun went beyond the imitations of the northern walls of Uggioforte, the sky became darker.
When the sun went beyond the imitation walls of the northern Uggioforte, the sky took darker colors.
When the sun had set and the darkness had fallen, the cheerful voices were still ringing for a moment.
When the sun had set and the darkness had fallen, the cheerful voices were still ringing for a while.
When the sun had set and the darkness had fallen, the joyful voices were still ringing for a moment.
When the sun went down and the darkness came down, the cheerful voices shouted for a moment.
When the sun went down and the darkness came down, the cheerful voices were still ringing for a moment.
When the sun had set and the darkness had fallen, the joyful voices were still ringing for a while.
When the sun went down and the darkness came down, the cheerful voices were still ringing for a while.
When the sun went down and the darkness went down, the cheerful voices shouted for a moment.
When the sun went down and the darkness went down, the cheerful voices were still ringing for a moment.
When the sun went down and the darkness came down, the joyful voices shouted for a moment.
It is nothing that the sun has passed.
It's nothing that the sun has passed.
It is nothing that the sun has gone.
It's nothing that the sun has gone.
It's nothing that the sun is gone.
It is nothing that the sun is gone.
It is nothing that the sun has gone down.
It's nothing that the sun went down.
It is nothing that the sun went down.
It's nothing that the sun has come.
The distant sun was behind the clouds, sadness and silence covered the sky.
The distant sun was behind the clouds, sadness and silence overshadowed the sky.
The distant sun passed behind the clouds, sadness and silence covered the sky.
The distant sun set behind the clouds, sadness and silence covered the sky.
The distant sun went behind the clouds, sadness and silence covered the sky.
The distant sun fell behind the clouds, sadness and silence covered the sky.
The distant sun was past the clouds, sadness and silence covered the sky.
The distant sun had passed behind the clouds, sadness and silence had covered the sky.
The distant sun was behind the clouds, sadness and silence covered the heavens.
The distant sun was behind the clouds, sadness and silence overshadowed the heaven.
At this time the sun was behind the clouds.
At the same time the sun went behind the clouds.
At the same time the sun was behind the clouds.
At the same time, the sun went behind the clouds.
At the same time, the sun set behind the clouds.
At the same time, the sun was behind the clouds.
At the same time, the sun set behind the cloud.
At the same time, the sun was setting behind the cloud.
At the same time, the sun went behind the cloud.
At the same time, the sun went out behind the cloud.
And as for the sun - the sun has passed, it is evening.
And as for the sun - the sun is gone, it is evening.
And as for the sun - the sun has gone, it is evening.
As for the sun - the sun has passed, it is evening.
As for the sun - the sun is gone, it is evening.
And as for the sun - the sun has passed, it's evening.
And as for the sun - the sun is gone, it's evening.
As for the sun - the sun has gone, it is evening.
And what about the sun - the sun has passed, it is evening.
And as for the sun - the sun has passed, it's night.
The bright, burning sun passed behind the black curtain of the clouds.
The bright, burning sun was behind the black curtain of the clouds.
The bright, burning sun came behind the black curtain of the clouds.
The bright, burning sun went behind the black curtain of the clouds.
The bright, burning sun set behind the black curtain of the clouds.
The bright, burning sun passed behind a black curtain of clouds.
The bright, burning sun passed behind the black curtain of clouds.
The bright, burning sun came behind the black curtain of clouds.
The bright, burning sun was behind the black curtain of clouds.
The bright, burning sun went behind the black curtain of clouds.
Before the sun went down, we reached the city.
Before the sun set, we reached the city.
Before the sun went down we reached the city.
Before the sun went down, we reached the town.
Before the sunset, we reached the city.
Before the sun set we reached the city.
Before the sun set, we reached the town.
Before the sun came down, we reached the city.
Before sunset, we reached the city.
Before the sunset we reached the city.
Ten minutes before the end of the qualifying the sun went down.
Ten minutes before the end of qualifying the sun went down.
Ten minutes before the end of the qualification the sun went down.
Ten minutes before the end of qualifying, the sun went down.
Ten minutes before the end of the qualifying, the sun went down.
Ten minutes before the end of the qualifying the sun set.
Ten minutes before the end of the qualifying the sun went out.
Ten minutes before the end of the qualifying the sun was out.
Ten minutes before the end of qualifying, the sun set.
Ten minutes before the end of the qualifying, the sun was out.
What to do when the sun goes down?
What to do when the sun is down?
What do you do when the sun goes down?
What do you do when the sun is down?
What to do when the sun is out?
What to do when the sun sets?
What to do when the sun goes out?
What to do when the sun comes down?
What to do when the sun is gone?
What to do when the sun has set?
What to do to have a pregnancy so that a woman becomes pregnant?
What do you do to have a pregnancy so that a woman becomes pregnant?
What to do to have a pregnancy so that a woman can get pregnant?
What do you do to have a pregnancy so that a woman can get pregnant?
What can be done to have a pregnancy so that a woman becomes pregnant?
What to do to have a pregnancy so that a woman will be pregnant?
What can be done to have a pregnancy so that a woman can get pregnant?
What do you do to have a pregnancy so that a woman will be pregnant?
What can be done to induce a woman to become pregnant?
What do you do to have a pregnancy so that a woman is pregnant?
If a woman became pregnant, her husband was full of joy and concern.
If a woman got pregnant, her husband was full of joy and concern.
If a woman was pregnant, her husband was full of joy and concern.
When a woman became pregnant, her husband was full of joy and concern.
If the woman became pregnant, her husband was full of joy and concern.
If the woman got pregnant, her husband was full of joy and concern.
When a woman got pregnant, her husband was full of joy and concern.
If a woman is pregnant, her husband is full of joy and concern.
If a woman became pregnant, her husband would be full of joy and concern.
If a woman becomes pregnant, her husband is full of joy and concern.
If a woman became pregnant and gave birth to a boy, the whole family enjoyed a new member.
If a woman became pregnant and gave birth to a boy, the whole family enjoyed the new member.
If a woman became pregnant and gave birth to a boy, the whole family was delighted with the new member.
If a woman became pregnant and gave birth to a boy, the whole family was delighted with a new member.
If a woman became pregnant and gave birth to a boy, the whole family was happy with the new member.
If a woman became pregnant and gave birth to a boy, the whole family would rejoice with the new member.
If a woman got pregnant and gave birth to a boy, the whole family was happy with the new member.
If a woman became pregnant and gave birth to a boy, the whole family would rejoice in the new member.
If a woman got pregnant and gave birth to a boy, the whole family enjoyed the new member.
If a woman became pregnant and gave birth to a boy, the whole family would enjoy a new member.
In the end, however, the expected message arrived.
In the end, however, the expected message came.
In the end, however, the expected news arrived.
In the end, however, the expected news came.
Eventually, however, the expected news arrived.
Eventually, however, the expected message arrived.
Eventually, however, the expected message came.
Finally, however, the expected message came.
Eventually, however, the expected news came.
Finally, however, the expected news came.
The bad news also came from North Carolina.
The bad news came also from North Carolina.
Bad news also came from North Carolina.
The bad news came from North Carolina as well.
The evil news also came from North Carolina.
The bad news came from North Carolina too.
The wrong news also came from North Carolina.
The bad news came from North Carolina.
The bad news was also from North Carolina.
The evil news came from North Carolina too.
A surprising news came from the Danish camp, where rumors circulated about an unexpected alliance with the enemies.
A surprising news came from the Danish camp, where rumors of an unexpected alliance with the enemies were circulating.
A surprising news came from the Danish camp, where rumors of an unexpected alliance with the enemies circulated.
A surprising news came from the Danish camp, where rumours of an unexpected alliance with the enemies were circulating.
Surprising news came from the Danish camp, where rumors of an unexpected alliance with the enemies were circulating.
A surprising news came from the Danish camp, where rumors of an unexpected alliance with the enemy were circulating.
A surprising news came from the Danish camp, where rumours of an unexpected alliance with the enemies circulated.
A surprising news came from the Danish camp, where rumours of an unexpected alliance with the enemy were circulating.
Surprising news came from the Danish camp, where rumors of an unexpected alliance with the enemies circulated.
Surprising news came from the Danish camp, where rumours of an unexpected alliance with the enemies were running.
Good news also came from Leszno, where difficult negotiations were completed.
Good news has also come from Leszno, where difficult negotiations have been completed.
The good news also came from Leszno, where difficult negotiations were completed.
The good news has also come from Leszno, where difficult negotiations have been completed.
Good news also came from Leszno, where difficult negotiations were successfully concluded.
Good news also came from Leszno, where difficult negotiations have been completed.
Good news has also come from Leszno, where difficult negotiations have been concluded.
The good news also came from Leszno, where difficult negotiations have been completed.
Good news also came from Leszno, where difficult negotiations were successfully completed.
The good news also came from Leszno, where difficult negotiations were successfully completed.
A fatal news came to Liverpool fans.
A fatal news came for Liverpool fans.
The fatal news came to Liverpool fans.
The fatal news came for Liverpool fans.
The fateful news came to Liverpool fans.
The fateful news came for Liverpool fans.
Fatal news came for Liverpool fans.
Fatal news came to Liverpool fans.
A fatal news came to the Liverpool fans.
A fatal message came to Liverpool fans.
The sad news for the entire football world came from Zaporozhye.
The sad news for the whole football world came from Zaporozhye.
A sad news for the entire football world came from Zaporozhye.
A sad news for the whole football world came from Zaporozhye.
The sad news for the entire football world came from Zaporizhia.
The sad news for the entire football world has come from Zaporozhye.
A sad news for the entire football world has come from Zaporozhye.
The sad news for the entire football world came from Zaporizh.
The sad news for the whole football world came from Zaporizhia.
A sad news for the entire football world came from Zaporizhia.
Good news also came from Świętokrzyski.
Good news also came from Świętokrzyskie.
The good news also came from Świętokrzyski.
Good news came also from Świętokrzyski.
The good news came also from Świętokrzyski.
Good news has also come from Świętokrzyski.
Good news came from Świętokrzyski, too.
The good news came from Świętokrzyski.
Good news came from Świętokrzyski.
The good news also came from Świętokrzyskie.
A thoughtful message came from the industrial production sector,
A thoughtful message came from the industrial manufacturing sector,
The thoughtful message came from the industrial production sector,
The thoughtful news came from the industrial production sector,
The thoughtful message came from the industrial manufacturing sector,
A thoughtful message came from the industrial sector,
A thoughtful message came from the industrial industry,
A sensible message came from the industrial production sector,
A thoughtful message came from the industry,
A thoughtful message came from the industry industry,
Another important message came from Brussels.
Another important news came from Brussels.
Another important message has come from Brussels.
Another important news has come from Brussels.
There is another important message from Brussels.
Another important message comes from Brussels.
There is another important news from Brussels.
Another important news comes from Brussels.
Another important message from Brussels.
Another important message came from Brussels:
Another important message came from the Sejm.
Another important news came from the Sejm.
Another important message came from the Parliament.
Another important message has come from the Sejm.
Another important news has come from the Sejm.
Another important message came from the House.
Another important message came from the Chamber.
There is another important message from the Sejm.
Another important message came out of the Sejm.
There is another important message coming from the Parliament.
Very nice news came from Bartoszyc, where finally the construction of a new cultural centre started.
Very nice news came from Bartoszyc, where the construction of a new cultural centre was finally started.
Very nice news came from Bartoszyc, where the construction of a new cultural centre finally started.
Very nice news came from Bartoszyc, where finally the construction of a new cultural center started.
A very nice news came from Bartoszyc, where the construction of a new cultural centre was finally started.
A very nice news came from Bartoszyc, where the construction of a new cultural centre finally started.
Very nice news came from Bartoszyc, where the construction of a new cultural centre finally began.
Very nice news came from Bartoszyc, where finally the construction of a new cultural centre began.
A very nice news came from Bartoszyc, where finally the construction of a new cultural centre started.
A very nice news came from Bartoszyc, where the construction of a new cultural centre finally began.