And then a woman came into the room, whom Zuzanna already knew.
Then a woman came into the room, whom Zuzanna already knew.
Then a woman came into the room, whom Susanna already knew.
And then a woman came into the room, whom Susanna already knew.
Then a woman came into the room who Zuzanna already knew.
Then a woman came into the room, whom Zuzanna had already known.
Then a woman came into the room who Susanna already knew.
Then a woman came into the room, whom Susanna had already known.
And then a woman came into the room, whom Susanna had already known.
And then a woman came into the room who Susanna already knew.
Suddenly a woman comes in with a cloak and says...
Suddenly a woman enters with a cloak and says...
Suddenly a woman comes in with a blanket and says...
Suddenly, a woman comes in with a cloak and says...
Suddenly a woman came in with a cloak and says...
Suddenly, a woman enters with a cloak and says...
Suddenly a woman came in with a cloak and said...
Suddenly a woman came in with a blanket and says...
Suddenly a woman came in with a blanket and said...
Suddenly, a woman came in with a cloak and says...
Behind the side door, a woman entered in a high frame, carrying a briefcase under her breath.
Behind the side door, a woman entered in a high frame, carrying a briefcase under her scent.
Behind the side door, a woman entered in a high frame, carrying a suitcase under her scent.
Behind the side door, a woman entered in a high frame, carrying a suitcase under her breath.
Behind the side door, a woman entered on a high deck, carrying a briefcase under her breath.
From behind the side door, a woman entered in a high frame, carrying a briefcase under her breath.
From behind the side door, a woman entered in a high frame, carrying a briefcase under her scent.
Behind the side door, a woman entered on a high deck, carrying a briefcase under her scent.
Behind the side door, a woman entered on a high deck, carrying a suitcase under her breath.
Behind the side door, a woman entered in a high frame, carrying an axe under her breath.
A woman in a purple dress entered the room.
A woman dressed in a purple dress entered the room.
A woman in a purple dress entered the chamber.
A woman entered the room in a purple dress.
A woman came into the room in a purple dress.
A woman in purple dress entered the room.
The woman entered the room in a purple dress.
A woman in a purple dress enters the room.
A woman in a purple dress came into the room.
A woman dressed in purple entered the room.
From behind the door, a woman entered on a high deck.
Behind the side door, a woman entered on a high deck.
From behind the door, a woman entered on a high rise.
From behind the door, a woman entered in a high frame.
From behind the door a woman entered on a high rise.
From behind the door, a woman entered on a high ledge.
Behind the side door, a woman entered on a high rise.
Behind the side door, a woman entered in a high frame.
From behind the door, a woman entered on a high cliff.
Behind the side door, a woman entered on a high ledge.
A woman entered the office with four children in front of her.
A woman entered the office with four children pushing in front of her.
A woman entered the office, four children pushing in front of them.
A woman entered the office, with four children in front of her.
A woman entered the office, four children pushing in front of her.
A woman entered the office, four children pushing in front of themselves.
A woman entered the office with four children pushing in front of them.
A woman entered the office, four children pushing before them.
A woman enters the office, four children pushing in front of them.
A woman entered the office, four children in front of her.
A woman with white hair, in a dark suit, entered the room.
A woman with white hair, in a dark dress, entered the room.
A woman with white hair entered the room, dressed in a dark suit.
A woman with white hair and a dark suit entered the room.
A woman with white hair entered the room in a dark suit.
A woman with white hair in a dark suit entered the room.
A white-haired woman entered the room in a dark suit.
A woman with white hair entered the room in a dark dress.
A woman with white hair entered the room, wearing a dark suit.
A woman with white hair entered the room, dressed in a dark dress.
She waited in the corner until a woman came in with a cloak and said...
She waited in the corner until a woman came in with a blanket and said...
She waited in a corner until a woman came in with a cloak and said...
She waited in a corner until a woman came in with a blanket and said...
She waited in the corner, until a woman came in with a cloak and said...
She waited in the corner, until a woman came in with a blanket and said...
She waited in a corner, until a woman came in with a cloak and said...
She waited in the corner until a woman came in with a curtain and said...
She waited in the corner until a woman with a cloak came in and said...
She waited in the corner until a woman came in with a cloak and says...
The door opened and a young woman entered, modestly dressed.
The door opened and a young woman entered, dressed modestly.
The door opened and a young woman entered dressed modestly.
The door opened and a young, modestly dressed woman entered.
The doors opened and a young woman entered, modestly dressed.
The doors opened and a young woman entered, dressed modestly.
The door opened, and a young woman entered, modestly dressed.
The doors opened and a young woman entered dressed modestly.
The door opened, and a young woman entered dressed modestly.
The door opened and a young, modest woman entered.
The door screamed and a woman entered the room.
The door screamed, and a woman entered the room.
The door whispered and a woman entered the room.
The door whistled and a woman entered the room.
The door slammed open and a woman entered the room.
The door swung and a woman entered the room.
The door slammed and a woman entered the room.
The door creaked and a woman entered the room.
The door struck and a woman entered the room.
The door screamed and a woman came into the room.
A woman entered the room, a little after thirty.
A woman entered the room, lightly in her thirties.
A woman entered the room, about thirty years old.
A woman entered the room, a little over thirty years old.
A woman came into the room, about thirty years old.
A woman entered the room, about thirty in the morning.
A woman entered the room, about 30 years old.
A woman entered the room, in her thirties.
A woman entered the room, a little over thirty.
A woman entered the room, lightly in her thirty.
One day a woman entered the basement, I recognized the smell.
One day a woman entered the basement, I recognized after the smell.
One day a woman entered the basement, I found out about the smell.
One day a woman entered the basement, I recognized by the smell.
One day a woman entered the basement, I found out after the smell.
One day, a woman entered the basement, I recognized the smell.
One day, a woman entered the basement, I recognized by the smell.
One day, a woman entered the basement, I recognized after the smell.
One day, a woman entered the basement, and I found out about the smell.
One day a woman entered the basement, I recognized after smell.
After a while, a woman came in to ask for a certificate.
After a while a woman came in to ask for a certificate.
After a while, a woman came in to ask for a confession.
After a while the woman came in to ask for a certificate.
After a while, the woman came in to ask for a certificate.
After a moment, a woman came in to ask for a certificate.
After a while a woman came in to ask for a confession.
After a moment a woman came in to ask for a certificate.
After a while, the woman came in to ask for a confession.
After a moment, the woman came in to ask for a certificate.
On Wednesday morning, a woman came into my office who looked like my baby.
On Wednesday morning, a woman came into my office who looked like my child.
On Wednesday morning a woman came into my office who looked like my baby.
On Wednesday morning a woman came into my office who looked like my child.
On Wednesday morning, a woman walked into my office who looked like my baby.
On Wednesday morning, a woman came to my office who looked like my baby.
On Wednesday morning, a woman walked into my office who looked like my child.
On Wednesday morning, a woman who looked like my child entered my office.
On Wednesday morning a woman came to my office who looked like my baby.
On Wednesday morning, a woman came into my office, who looked like my baby.
A woman came into the shop claiming to be a representative of one of the companies.
A woman came into the shop as a representative of one of the companies.
A woman came into the store as a representative of one of the companies.
A woman came into the shop as a representative of one of the firms.
A woman entered the shop as a representative of one of the companies.
A woman came to the store as a representative of one of the companies.
A woman approached the store as a representative of one of the companies.
A woman came into the store as a representative of one of the firms.
A woman came into the shop claiming to be a representative of one of the businesses.
A woman came into the shop as a representative of a company.
A woman who knew Russian entered the house.
A Russian-speaking woman entered the house.
A Russian-speaking woman came to the house.
A Russian-speaking woman came into the house.
A woman who knew Russian came to the house.
A Russian woman came to the house.
A woman who knows Russian entered the house.
A woman who knew Russian came into the house.
A woman who knows Russian came to the house.
A Russian woman came into the house.
A woman and a man acting as officials entered the man's apartment on Daleka Street.
A woman and a man acting as officials entered the man's apartment at Dalekka Street.
A woman and a man, acting as officials, entered the man's apartment on Daleka Street.
A woman and a man, acting as officials, entered the man's apartment at Dalekka Street.
A woman and a man acting as officials entered the man's apartment at Daleka Street.
A woman and a man acting as officials entered a man's apartment on Daleka Street.
A woman and a man, acting as officials, entered a man's apartment on Daleka Street.
A woman and a man, acting as officials, entered the man's apartment at Daleka Street.
A woman and a man, acting as officials, entered the man's apartment at Daleke Street.
A woman and a man, acting as officials, entered the man's apartment on Dalekka Street.
A woman entered one of the houses and offered embroidered scarves for sale.
A woman entered one of the houses and offered embroidered skirts for sale.
A woman entered one of the houses and offered embroidered hats for sale.
A woman entered one of the houses and offered embroidered shirts for sale.
A woman entered one of the houses and offered embroidered cloths for sale.
A woman entered one of the houses and offered embroidered robes for sale.
A woman entered one of the houses and offered embroidered dresses for sale.
A woman entered one of the houses and offered embroidered clothes for sale.
A woman entered one of the houses and offered embroidered chusty for sale.
A woman entered one of the houses and offered embroidered scarves to sell.
Even in Czechoslovakia there was a willingness.
Even for Czechoslovakia there was a willingness.
Even to Czechoslovakia there was a willingness.
Even in Chechnya there was a willingness.
Even for Czechs there was a willingness.
Even in Czechoslovakia there was willingness.
Even Czechoslovakia was willing to do so.
There was even a willingness for Czechs.
Even Czechoslovakia was willing.
There was even a willingness to go to Czech Republic.
They enjoyed the whole thing because that was their willingness.
They enjoyed the whole thing, because that was their willingness.
They enjoyed the whole thing because that's what they wanted.
They enjoyed the whole thing because that was their desire.
They enjoyed the whole thing, because that's what they wanted.
They enjoyed the whole thing, because that was their desire.
They enjoyed the whole thing, because that was their will.
They enjoyed the whole thing because that's how they wanted it.
They enjoyed the whole thing, because that's how they were willing.
They enjoyed the whole thing, because that's how they wanted it.
It is abnormal to have a willingness to take a nap in the middle of the day.
It is abnormal to have a willingness to take a nap in the middle of a day.
It is unusual that half the day there is a willingness to take a nap.
It is abnormal that half the day there is a willingness to take a nap.
It's abnormal that half the day there's a willingness to take a nap.
It's not normal that half the day there's a willingness to take a nap.
It's abnormal that half the day there is a willingness to take a nap.
It's not normal that half the day there is a willingness to take a nap.
It is abnormal to have a willingness to take a nap in the middle of the morning.
It's abnormal that half the day there's a willingness to take a walk.
He leaned on the cart, and through association he found a willingness to pull the drawer.
He leaned on the cart, and through association he found the will to pull the drawer.
He leaned on the cart, and through association he had the will to pull the drawer.
He leaned on the carriage and through association he found the will to pull the drawer.
He leaned on the carriage, and through association he found the will to pull the drawer.
He relyed on the cart, and through association he found the will to pull the drawer.
He leaned on the carriage, and through association he had the will to pull the drawer.
He leaned on the cart, and through association he found a willingness to pull this drawer.
He leaned on the cart, and through association he found a willingness to pull the drawer away.
He leaned on the carriage, and through association he found a willingness to pull the draw.
And I found a willingness to be a councillor.
And I found a willingness to become a councillor.
And I found the will to be a councillor.
I also had the desire to become a councillor.
I also had the desire to be a councillor.
I also wanted to be a councillor.
And I found a willingness to be a counsellor.
And I was willing to be a councillor.
I was also willing to be a councillor.
And I had the will to be a councillor.
A woman in black came out of the chapel.
A woman in black came out of the barn.
A woman in black came out of the hut.
A woman in black came out of the pit.
A black woman came out of the chapel.
A woman in red came out of the chapel.
A black woman came out of the barn.
A woman in red came out of the barn.
A woman in red came out of the pit.
A black woman came out of the pit.
Shortly afterwards, a woman wearing a burning branch came out of the camp.
Shortly afterwards, a woman with a burning branch came out of the camp.
Soon afterwards, a woman wearing a burning branch came out of the camp.
Shortly afterwards a woman wearing a burning branch came out of the camp.
Soon afterwards, a woman with a burning branch came out of the camp.
Shortly afterwards a woman with a burning branch came out of the camp.
Shortly afterwards, a woman wearing a burning branch left the camp.
Soon afterwards a woman wearing a burning branch came out of the camp.
Soon afterwards, a woman wearing a burning branch left the camp.
Shortly afterwards a woman wearing a burning branch left the camp.
A woman with a wicker basket came out of the neighbouring house.
A woman came out of the neighbouring house with a wicker basket.
A woman with a wicker basket came out of the neighboring house.
A woman came out of a neighbouring house with a wicker basket.
A woman with a wicker basket came out of a neighboring house.
A woman came out of the neighbouring house with a winged horse.
A woman came out of the neighbouring house with a wooden basket.
A woman came out of the neighboring house with a wicker basket.
A woman with a winged horse came out of the neighboring house.
A woman came out of the neighbouring house with a glass basket.
A woman came out of the house, wearing a thick jacket.
A woman came out of the house wearing a thick jacket.
A woman came out of the house, wearing a thick coat.
A woman came out of the house wearing a thick coat.
A woman came out of the house, wearing a thick shirt.
A woman came out to the house, wearing a thick jacket.
A woman came out of the house wearing a thick shirt.
A woman came out of the house with a thick jacket on.
A woman came out of the house with a thick jacket.
A woman came out of the house with a thick jacket on her.
A woman came out of the house.
A woman came to the house.
A woman came outside the house.
There was a woman outside the house.
A woman left the house.
A woman went outside the house.
A woman came out to the house.
A woman came out from the house.
A woman went out to the house.
A woman came out of the door.
A woman came out of the truck.
A woman suddenly came out of the truck.
A woman suddenly left the truck.
A woman came out of that truck.
A woman suddenly came out of this truck.
A woman came out of the truck at once.
A woman came out of this truck.
A woman came out of the truck immediately.
Just outside this truck, a woman suddenly left.
Just out of this truck a woman suddenly left.
In front of the people came a woman who knew Russian as such.
In front of the people came a woman who knew as so Russian.
In front of the people came a woman, who knew as so Russian.
In front of the people there was a woman who knew Russian as well.
In front of the people came a woman who knew Russian as well.
In front of the people there was a woman who knew Russian as such.
In front of people came a woman who knew as so Russian.
In front of the people came a woman, who knew Russian as such.
In front of people came a woman who knew Russian as such.
In front of the people there was a woman who knew Russian.
At that time, a woman left the office, and a babysitter appeared.
At that time, a woman left the office and a babysitter appeared.
At that time a woman left the office, and a babysitter appeared.
At that time, a woman came out of the office, and a babysitter appeared.
At that time a woman came out of the office, and a babysitter also appeared.
At that time a woman came out of the office, and a babysitter appeared.
At that time, a woman came out of the office and a babysitter appeared.
At that time, a woman came out of the office and a babysitter also appeared.
At that time, a woman left the office, and a child carer appeared.
At that time a woman came out of the office, and a child carer appeared.
A man with a ball went down, a woman with a bag went down.
A man with a goal left, a woman with a bag left.
A man with a ball left, a woman with a bag left.
A man with a shirt left, a woman with a bag left.
A man with a ball came down, a woman with a bag came down.
A man with a shirt went down, a woman with a bag went down.
A man with a goal came down, a woman with a bag came down.
A man with a score came down, a woman with a bag came down.
A man with a check came out, a woman with a bag came out.
A man with a shirt came down, a woman with a bag came down.
He walks down a narrow street, followed by a man with a plastic prosthesis instead of a leg.
He walks down a narrow street, followed by a man with a plastic prosthetic instead of a leg.
He walks a narrow street, behind them a man with a plastic prosthesis instead of a leg passed.
He walks a narrow street, behind them a man with a plastic prosthesis instead of a leg.
He walks down a narrow street, followed by a man with a plastic prosthetic leg instead of a leg.
He walks down a narrow street, behind them a man with a plastic prosthesis instead of a leg.
He walks down a narrow street, followed by a man with a plastic prosthesis instead of his leg.
He walks a narrow street, behind them a man with a plastic prosthetic instead of a leg passed.
He walks a narrow street, and a man with a plastic prosthetic leg passes behind them.
He walks a narrow street, and a man with a plastic prosthetic leg passes behind him.
They passed a few meters when a man passed in front of Michael, whispering to his attention.
They passed a couple of meters when a man passed in front of Michael, whispering to his attention.
They passed a few meters when a man passed in front of Michael, whispering to himself.
They passed a couple of meters when a man passed in front of Michael, whispering to himself.
They passed a few meters when a man passed in front of Michael, whispering at himself.
They passed a few meters as a man passed in front of Michael, whispering to himself.
They passed a few meters when a man passed in front of Michael, blinking at himself.
They passed a couple of meters when a man passed in front of Michael, whispering at himself.
They passed a few meters, when a man passed in front of Michael, whispering to himself.
They passed a couple of meters, when a man passed in front of Michael, whispering to himself.
A man came out of the walls of vehicles and caravans, he had about fifty.
A man came out of the walls of vehicles and trailers, he had about fifty.
A man came out of the walls of the vehicles and trailers, he had about fifty.
A man came out from behind the walls of vehicles and trailers, he had about fifty.
Out of the walls of vehicles and caravans came a man, he had about fifty.
Out of the walls of the vehicles and trailers came a man, he had about fifty.
A man came out of the walls of vehicles and caravans, he was in his fifty.
A man came out of the walls of the vehicles and trailers, he was in his fifty.
A man came out of the walls of vehicles and trailers, he was in his fifty.
A man came out from behind the walls of vehicles and trailers, he was in his fifty.
The doors opened and a man in a black dress came out on the porch.
The door opened and a man in a black dress came out on the porch.
The doors opened, and a man in a black dress came out on the porch.
The door opened, and a man in a black dress came out on the porch.
The doors opened and a man in a black dress came out to the porch.
The doors opened and a man in a black dressed jacket came out on the porch.
The doors opened and a man in a black dressed jacket walked out on the porch.
The door opened and a man in a black dressed jacket walked out on the porch.
The doors opened and a man in a black dressed jacket walked out to the porch.
The doors opened and a man in a black dress came out to the gate.
A man came out of the door of the building with bright, rare bonobos.
A man came out of the door of the building with clear, rare bonobos.
A man came out of the door of the building with bright, rare beads.
A man came out of the door of the building with clear, rare armour.
A man came out of the door of the building with clear, rare bows.
A man came out of the door of the building with bright, rare bohobos.
A man came out of the door of the building with clear, rare bocobos.
A man came out of the door of the building with bright, rare bocobos.
A man came out of the door of the building with bright, rare bocobrods.
A man came out of the door of the building with bright, rare booby-trap.
A man came out of the office about forty-five years.
The man left the office about forty-five years.
A man left the office for about forty-five years.
A man came out of his office about forty-five years.
The man left the office for about forty-five years.
The man left the office about forty-five years ago.
A man left the office about forty-five years ago.
A man left the office about forty-five years.
A man came out of the office forty-five years.
A man came out of the office forty-five years ago.
A man came out of the door and asked one of the pilgrims for help.
A man came out of the gate and asked one of the pilgrims for help.
A man went out of the door and asked one of the pilgrims for help.
A man went out of the gate and asked one of the pilgrims for help.
The man came out of the door and asked one of the pilgrims for help.
A man came out of the door and asked one of the pilgrims to help.
The man came out of the gate and asked one of the pilgrims for help.
A man came out from the door and asked one of the pilgrims for help.
A man left the door and asked one of the pilgrims for help.
A man came out of the gate and asked one of the pilgrims to help.
A man came out of the barn in front of our barn.
A man came out of the hut in front of our barn.
A man came out of the chapel in front of our barn.
A man came out of the pit in front of our barn.
A man came out of the hut opposite our hut.
A man came out of the chapel opposite our hut.
A man came out of the barn in front of our yard.
A man came out of the chapel opposite our crown.
A man came out of the hut in front of our crown.
A man came out of the hut in front of our crop.
A man came out of the cottage and approached him with great respect.
A man came out of the cottage and treated him with great respect.
The man came out of the cottage and approached him with great respect.
A man came out of the chateau and approached him with great respect.
A man came out of the chateau and treated him with great respect.
The man came out of the cottage and treated him with great respect.
The man came out of the chateau and treated him with great respect.
A man came out of the cabin and treated him with great respect.
A man came out of the chalet and treated him with great respect.
A man came out of the cottage and showed him great respect.
A man came out with a group of people following them and went to the pastry.
A man came out with a group of people following them and went to the pass.
A man came out with a group of people following him and went to the pastry.
A man went out with a group of people following them and went to the pastry.
A man went out with a group of people following him and went to the pastry.
A man came out with a group of people behind them and went to the pastry.
A man came out with a group of people following him and went to the pass.
A man went out with a group of people behind them and went to the pastry.
A man came out with a group of people following them and went to the passport.
A man came out with a group of people following him and went to the passport.
A man walked out of the town hall and parked his car.
A man left the town hall and moved his car to a parking lot.
A man walked out of the town hall and put the car in the parking lot.
A man walked out of the town hall and put his car in the parking lot.
A man left the town hall and parked his car.
A man walked out of the town hall and put his car in a parking lot.
A man walked out of the town hall and put the car in a parking lot.
A man left the town hall and moved the car to a parking lot.
A man came out of the town hall and parked his car.
A man stepped out of the town hall and parked his car.
The first man out of the apartment, he was to run the car.
The first man out of the apartment, he was supposed to run the car.
The first man came out of the apartment, had to start the car.
The first man out of the apartment was supposed to run the car.
The first man out of the apartment, had to run the car.
The first man came out of the apartment, was to run the car.
The first man out of the apartment was supposed to run a car.
The first man out of the apartment, he was to run a car.
The first man came out of the apartment, had to run the car.
The first man came out of the apartment, he was to run the car.
After a while a man came out of the forest.
After a while a man came out of the woods.
A man came out of the forest.
In a moment a man came out of the forest.
In a moment a man came out of the woods.
After a while a man left the forest.
A man came out of the woods.
A man came out of the forest a moment later.
A man came out of the woods a moment later.
A man walked out of the forest.
A man came out of the car, then the machine stopped.
A man came out of the car, then the car stopped.
A man got out of the car, then the machine stopped.
A man stepped out of the car, then the machine stopped.
A man came out of the car, and then the machine stopped.
A man came out of the car and then the machine stopped.
A man came out of the car, and the machine stopped.
A man came out of the car and the machine stopped.
A man left the car, then the machine stopped.
A man stepped out of the car, and the machine stopped.
A man came out of one of them, raised a dead man from the field.
A man came out of one of them and raised a dead man from the field.
A man came out of one of them and lifted a dead man from the field.
A man came out of one of them, lifted a dead man from the field.
A man came out of one of them, raised the dead from the field.
A man came out of one of them and raised the dead from the field.
A man came out of one of them, raised from the field a dead man.
A man came out of one of them and lifted him from the dead field.
A man came out of one of them, raised from the field dead.
A man came out of one of them, raised from the field a dead person.
A man came out of the Customer Service Office, and the first thing he did was to smoke cigarettes.
A man came out of the Customer Service Office, and the first thing he did was to smoke a cigarette.
A man came out of the Customer Service Office, and the first thing he did was to burn the cigarettes.
A man came out of the Customer Service Office and the first thing he did was to smoke a cigarette.
A man came out of the Customer Service Office and the first thing he did was to smoke cigarettes.
A man came out of the Customer Service Office and the first thing he did was to burn the cigarettes.
A man came out of the Customer Service Office and the first thing he did was to blow up the cigarettes.
A man came out of the Customer Service Office and the first thing he did was to smoke the cigarettes.
A man came out of the Customer Service Office, and the first thing he did was to blow up the cigarette.
A man came out of the Customer Service Office, and the first thing he did was to burn the cigarette.
They opened up and a man entered the office, quickly eating the rest of the meal.
They opened and a man entered the office, quickly eating the rest of the meal.
They opened up and a man entered the office, fasting through the rest of the meal.
They opened up and a man entered the office, quickly eating the remains of the meal.
They opened and a man entered the office, quickly eating the remains of the meal.
They opened up, and a man entered the office, quickly eating the rest of the meal.
They opened up and a man entered the office, fasting the rest of the meal.
They opened up and a man entered the office, eating the rest of the meal.
They opened up, and a man entered the office, eating the rest of the meal.
The doors opened and a man entered the office, eating the rest of the meal.
In a moment, a tall man entered in a Polish costume.
In a moment a tall man entered, in a Polish costume.
In a moment, a tall man in a Polish costume entered.
In a moment, a tall man entered in a Polish dress.
In a moment, a tall man in a Polish dress entered.
In a moment a tall man entered in a Polish costume.
Shortly thereafter a tall man entered in a Polish costume.
In a moment, a tall man entered, wearing a Polish dress.
In a moment a tall man in a Polish costume entered.
In a moment a tall man in a Polish dress entered.
A middle-aged man entered the bar with a younger woman.
A middle-aged man and a younger woman entered the bar.
A middle-aged man with a younger woman entered the bar.
A middle-aged man came into the bar with a younger woman.
A middle-aged man came to the bar with a younger woman.
A middle-aged man entered the pub with a younger woman.
A middle-aged man and a younger woman came to the bar.
A middle-aged man enters the bar with a younger woman.
A middle-aged man and a young woman entered the bar.
A middle-aged man and a younger woman entered the pub.
Just behind her, a man entered the room and struck her.
Just behind her, a man entered the room and hit her.
Just behind her, a man entered the room and shot her.
Just behind her, a man entered the room, who shot her.
Just behind her, a man entered the room, who hit her.
Just behind her, a man entered the room, killing her.
Just behind her, a man entered the room and shot.
Just behind her, a man entered the room and struck.
Just behind her, a man entered the room, who shot.
Just behind her, a man entered the room, who shot him.
A man entered the hall: a man in an unusual hat.
A man entered the hall: a man in an extraordinary hat.
A man entered the hall: a man in a strange hat.
A man entered the hall, a man in an unusual hat.
A man came into the hall: a man in an unusual hat.
A man entered the lobby: a man in an unusual hat.
A man entered the hall: a man wearing an unusual hat.
A man entered the hall, a man in an extraordinary hat.
A man entered the hall: a man in a unusual hat.
A man entered the hall, a man in a strange hat.
A moment later, a man in glasses and a striped shirt entered the room.
A moment later, a man in glasses and a short shirt entered the room.
A moment later, a man entered the room wearing glasses and a striped shirt.
A moment later, a man entered the room wearing glasses and a short shirt.
A moment later, a man entered the room in glasses and a striped shirt.
A moment later a man entered the room wearing glasses and a striped shirt.
A moment later a man entered the room wearing glasses and a short shirt.
A moment later, a man entered the room in glasses and a short shirt.
A short while later, a man entered the room wearing glasses and a striped shirt.
A short while later, a man entered the room wearing glasses and a short shirt.
A man clothed in a beaten fur coat entered the chamber with a swift step.
A man clothed in a beaten fur coat entered the room with a swift step.
A man clothed in a beaten fur coat entered the room with a quick step.
A man clothed in a beaten fur coat entered the chamber with a quick step.
A man clothed in a beaten fur coat entered the chamber in a swift step.
A man clothed in a beaten fur coat entered the room in a swift step.
A man clothed in a beaten fur coat entered the room in a swift stride.
A man clothed in a beaten fur coat entered the room.
A man clothed in a beaten-up fur coat entered the chamber with a quick step.
A man clothed in a beaten-up fur coat entered the room with a quick step.
A man with bullets entered the club.
A man with bullets entered the pub.
A man with balls entered the club.
A man with bullets entered the knee.
A man with bullets entered the cage.
A man with bullets entered the monastery.
A man with bullets entered the knighthood.
A man with balls entered the pub.
A man with a bullet entered the club.
A man with bullets entered the knights.
Then a man entered the circle of light in long boots and sized trousers.
Then a man entered the circle of light in long shoes and sized trousers.
Then a man entered the circle of light in long boots and sizeable trousers.
Then a man entered the circle of light in long boots and thick trousers.
Then a man entered the circle of light in long shoes and sizeable trousers.
Then a man entered the circle of light in long boots and large trousers.
Then a man entered the circle of light in long boots and bulky trousers.
Then a man entered the circle of light in long boots and sized pants.
Then a man entered the circle of light in long shoes and sized pants.
Then in the circle of light entered a man in long boots and sized trouser.
A man of about thirty-five entered behind her.
A man of about thirty-five years was behind her.
Behind her was a man of about thirty-five years.
A man of about thirty-five years entered behind her.
She was followed by a man of about thirty-five years.
Behind her came a man of about thirty-five years.
A man of about thirty-five entered after her.
After her came a man of about thirty-five years.
After her came a man of about thirty-five years old.
She was followed by a man of about thirty-five.
The door opened and a man in a grey sailor entered the room.
The doors opened and a man in a grey sailor entered the room.
The doors opened, and a man in a grey sailor entered the room.
The doors opened and a man in a gray sailor entered the room.
The doors opened and a man in a grey sailing boat entered the room.
The door opened and a man in a gray sailor entered the room.
The door opened and a man in a grey sailing boat entered the room.
The door opened, and a man in a grey sailor entered the room.
The doors open and a man in a grey sailor enters the room.
The doors opened and a man in a grey sailor entered the chamber.
A man from the yard, probably a prisoner, entered the building.
A man from the yard entered the building, probably a prisoner.
A man from the courtyard entered the building, probably a prisoner.
A man from the yard entered the building, presumably a prisoner.
A man from the courtyard entered the building, probably intoxicated.
A man entered the building from the yard, probably a prisoner.
A man from the yard entered the building, presumably intoxicated.
A man from the yard entered the building, probably a drunken man.
A man from the yard entered the building, probably a drunk.
A man from the yard entered the building, probably a drunken.
A man entered the cafe.
A man entered the café.
A man enters the cafe.
A man enters the café.
A man entered the cafeteria.
A man came into the cafe.
A man walked into the cafe.
A man entered the coffee shop.
A man came into the café.
A man enters the cafeteria.
A man in uniform entered the restaurant.
A man in uniform walked into the restaurant.
A man in a uniform entered the restaurant.
A man dressed in uniform entered the restaurant.
A man in uniform enters the restaurant.
A man in a uniform walked into the restaurant.
A man in uniform came into the restaurant.
A man wearing a uniform entered the restaurant.
A man entered the restaurant in a uniform.
A man dressed in uniform entered the restaurants.
While watching the deceased, a man entered the funeral home.
While watching the deceased, a man entered the mourning house.
A man entered the funeral home while watching the deceased.
While watching the deceased, a man entered the mourning home.
A man entered the deceased's house while he was watching.
A man entered the mourner's house while he was watching the dead.
A man entered the deceased's house as he watched.
A man entered the house of the deceased while he was watching.
A man entered the funeral home while watching the dead.
A man entered the house of the deceased while he was watching the dead.
A man entered the house of an 80-year-old resident of Legionów Street.
A man entered the house of an 80-year-old inhabitant of Legionów Street.
A man entered the house of the 80-year-old resident of Legionów Street.
A man entered the house of an 80-year-old resident of Legion Street.
A man entered the house of an 80-year-old resident of Legions Street.
A man entered the home of an 80-year-old resident of Legionów Street.
A man entered the house of an 80-year-old inhabitant of Legion Street.
A man entered the house of an 80-year-old resident of Legionów Street.
A man entered the house of an 80-year-old resident of Legionów street.
A man entered the house of a 80-year-old resident of Legionów Street.
A man entered the fireplace.
A man entered the chimney.
A man enters the fireplace.
A man entered in the fireplace.
A man entered into the fireplace.
A man entered in a fireplace.
A man entered in the chimney.
A man entered into a fireplace.
A man in a chimney entered.
A man in a fireplace entered.
A man entered the apartment on Rycerska Street under the appearance of repairing a tap.
A man entered the apartment at Rycerska Street under the appearance of repairing a tap.
A man entered the apartment on Rycerska Street under the appearance of a tap repair.
A man entered the apartment in Rycerska Street under the appearance of repairing a tap.
A man entered the apartment at Rycerska Street under the appearance of a tap repair.
A man entered the apartment on Rycerska Street under the appearance of repairing the tap.
A man entered the apartment under the appearance of repairing a tap.
A man entered the apartment at Rycerska Street under the appearance of repairing the tap.
A man entered the apartment of Rycerska Street under the appearance of repairing a tap.
A man entered the apartment under the appearance of repairing a tap in Rycerska Street.
A man dressed in black entered the post office building in Drawski Młyn.
A man dressed in black entered the post office in Drawski Młyn.
A man dressed in black entered the post office building at Drawski Młyn.
A man dressed in black entered the Drawski Młyn post office building.
A man dressed in black entered the post office building in Drawski Mill.
A man dressed in black walked into the post office building in Drawski Młyn.
A man dressed in black entered the post office in Drawski Mill.
A man dressed in black entered the Drawski Młyn post office.
A man dressed in black entered the Drawski Mill post office building.
A man dressed in black entered the post office building in Drawski Młyna.
Suddenly the door opened and a man came in carrying a plate full of cups.
Suddenly the door opened and a man entered carrying a plate full of cups.
Suddenly, the door opened and a man came in carrying a plate full of cups.
Suddenly the door opened and a man came in carrying a plate full of glasses.
Suddenly the door opened and a man came in carrying a cup full of taces.
Suddenly the door opened and a man came in carrying a cup full of tea.
Suddenly the door opened and a man came in carrying a cup full of tacos.
Suddenly the door opened and a man entered carrying a cup full of taces.
Suddenly the door opened and a man entered carrying a cup full of tacos.
Suddenly, the door opened and a man came in carrying a cup full of taces.
A man entered the house on Jerozolimska Street in Rawa Mazowiecka.
A man entered the house on Jerusalem Street in Rawa Mazowiecka.
A man entered the house at Jerusalem Street in Rawa Mazowiecka.
A man entered a house on Jerozolimska Street in Rawa Mazowiecka.
A man entered the house at Jerozolimska Street in Rawa Mazowiecka.
A man entered a house on Jerusalem Street in Rawa Mazowiecka.
A man entered the house on Jerozolimska Street in Rawa Mazowiecka.
A man entered the house on Jerusalem Street in Rava Mazowiecka.
A man entered the house on Jerusalem street in Rawa Mazowiecka.
A man entered the house on the Jerusalem street in Rawa Mazowiecka.
A man entered the office and asked if he could talk to the driver.
A man entered the office and asked from the place if he could talk to the driver.
A man entered the office and asked whether he could talk to the driver.
A man entered the office and asked from the place whether he could talk to the driver.
A man entered the office and asked if he could talk to the driver from the place.
A man entered the office and asked if he could talk to the manager.
A man came into the office and asked if he could talk to the driver.
A man entered the office and asked from the place if he could talk to the manager.
A man entered the office and asked whether he could talk to the driver from the place.
A man came into the office and asked if he could talk to the driver from the place.
A man entered the apartment of a 75-year-old single woman and asked for money.
A man entered the apartment of a 75-year-old single woman and demanded money.
A man entered the flat of a 75-year-old single woman and asked for money.
A man entered the flat of a 75-year-old single woman and demanded money.
A man entered the apartment of a 75-year-old lonely woman and asked for money.
A man entered the apartment of a 75-year-old lonely woman and demanded money.
A man entered the flat of a 75-year-old lonely woman and asked for money.
A man entered the flat of a 75-year-old lonely woman and demanded money.
A man entered the home of a 75-year-old single woman and asked for money.
A man entered a 75-year-old single woman's apartment and asked for money.
A man entered the kitchen in his only pants.
A man entered the kitchen in only his pants.
A man entered the kitchen in his only trousers.
The man entered the kitchen in his only pants.
The man entered the kitchen in only his pants.
A man entered the kitchen only in his pants.
A man entered the kitchen in his only suits.
A man entered the kitchen in his bare pants.
A man entered the kitchen in his only suit.
A man entered the kitchen in his bare pants alone.
Suddenly a man came in, whom I knew from old school years.
Suddenly a man came in who I knew from old school years.
Suddenly a man entered, whom I knew from old school years.
Suddenly a man came in, whom I knew from my old school years.
Suddenly a man came in, whom I had known from old school years.
Suddenly a man came in, whom I knew from my school years.
Suddenly a man came in, whom I knew from years of school.
Suddenly a man came in, whom I knew from years of schooling.
Suddenly a man came in, whom I knew from school years.
Suddenly a man came in, whom I had known from my school years.
At Piastowska, a man of about thirty entered the front door of the bus and canceled the ticket.
At Piastowska, a man of about thirty entered the front door of the bus and cancelled the ticket.
At Piastowska a man of about thirty entered the front door of the bus and canceled the ticket.
At Piastowska a man of about thirty entered the front door of the bus and cancelled the ticket.
At Piastowska, a man of about thirty entered the front door of the bus and canceled his ticket.
At Piastowska, a man of about thirty entered the front door of the bus and cancelled his ticket.
At Piastowska, a man of about thirty entered the bus at the front door and canceled the ticket.
At Piastowska a man of about thirty entered the front door of the bus and canceled his ticket.
At Piastowska a man of about thirty entered the front door of the bus and cancelled his ticket.
A man of about thirty entered the front door of the bus near Piastowska and canceled the ticket.
A man entered the room in which the employee was staying.
A man entered the room where the employee was staying.
A man entered the room where the worker was staying.
A man entered the room in which she was staying.
A man entered the room in which the woman was staying.
The man entered the room in which the employee was staying.
A man entered the room in which the employee was living.
A man entered the room where the employee was living.
A man entered the room in which the employee lived.
A man entered the room where the employee lived.
A man entered the porch of Legionowa Street in Markach, concealed by a fireplace and a priest.
A man entered the porch of Legionowa Street in Markach, concealed by a fireplace and a chaplain.
A man entered the porch of Legionowa Street in Markach, masked by a chimney and a chaplain.
A man entered the porch of Legionowa Street in Markach, masked by a fireplace and a priest.
A man entered the porch of Legionowa Street in Markach, masked by a fireplace and a chaplain.
A man entered the porch of Legionowa Street in Markach, masked with a fireplace and a chaplain.
A man entered the porch of Legionowa Street in Markach, masked with a fireplace and a priest.
A man entered the porch of Legionowa Street in Markach, covered with a fireplace and a chaplain.
A man entered the porch of Legionowa Street in Markach, hidden by a fireplace and a priest.
A man entered the porch of Legionowa Street in Markach, masked with a fireplace and a priesthood.
About 15 men entered the Ząbkowski police station.
Around 15 men entered the Ząbkowski police station.
About 15 men entered the Ząbkowski police station.
Around 15 men entered the Ząbkowski police station.
About 15 men entered the Ząbkowska police station.
Around 15 men entered the Ząbkowska police station.
Approximately 15 men entered the Ząbkowski police station.
Approximately 15 men entered the Ząbkowski police station.
Approximately 15 men entered the Ząbkowska police station.
Approximately 15 men entered the Ząbków police station.
At one point a middle-aged man entered the building.
At some point a middle-aged man entered the building.
At one point, a middle-aged man entered the building.
At some point, a middle-aged man entered the building.
A middle-aged man entered the building at one point.
At a certain point a middle-aged man entered the building.
A middle-aged man entered the building.
A middle-aged man entered the building at some point.
At one point a middle-aged man entered the house.
A middle-aged man entered the building at a certain moment.
There was no one in the bar when a man entered and asked for alcohol.
There was nobody in the bar when a man entered and asked for alcohol.
There was no one in the bar when a man came in and asked for alcohol.
There was no one at the bar when a man entered and asked for alcohol.
There was nobody in the bar when a man came in and asked for alcohol.
There was no one in the bar when a man walked in and asked for alcohol.
There was no one in the bar, when a man entered and asked for alcohol.
There was no one in the bar when a man went in and asked for alcohol.
There was no one in the bar when a man entered the room and asked for alcohol.
There was no one in the bar when a man entered and asked for an alcohol.
A man entered the shop and closed the door from the inside.
A man entered the store and closed the door from the inside.
A man entered the shop, closed the door from the inside.
A man entered the shop, closing the door from the inside.
A man entered the store, closed the door from the inside.
A man entered the store, closing the door from the inside.
A man enters the shop and closes the door from the inside.
A man entered the shop and closed the door from inside.
A man entered the shop and locked the door from the inside.
A man entered the shop, locked the door from the inside.
A man entered the gathering at Chopin Street and asked to be prepared.
A man entered the gathering at Chopin Street and asked for an invitation to prepare.
A man entered the robbery at Chopin Street, asking for a call to be prepared.
A man entered the gathering at Chopin Street and asked for an invitation to be prepared.
A man entered the robbery at Chopin Street and asked for a call to be prepared.
A man entered the gathering at Chopin Street, asking for a call to prepare.
A man entered the gathering at Chopin Street and asked for a call to prepare.
A man entered the robbery at Chopin Street and asked for a call to be made.
A man entered the gathering at Chopin Street and asked for an invitation to prepare for it.
A man entered the gathering at Chopin Street and asked for an invitation to prepare for the event.
A man entered the shop on Limanowski Street with an object resembling a weapon.
A man entered the shop on Limanowski Street with an object resembling a gun.
A man entered the store on Limanowski Street with an object resembling a weapon.
A man entered a shop on Limanowski Street with an object resembling a weapon.
A man entered the shop at Limanowski Street with an object resembling a weapon.
A man entered the shop in Limanowski Street with an object resembling a weapon.
A man entered the store on Limanowski Street with an object resembling a gun.
A man entered a shop on Limanowski Street with an object resembling a gun.
A man entered the shop at Limanowski Street with an object resembling a gun.
A man entered the shop on Limanowski Street with an item resembling a weapon.
A man entered the shop holding a board with horses.
A man entered the shop holding a plate with horses.
A man entered the shop holding a plate of horses.
A man entered the shop holding a box of horses.
A man entered the store holding a board with horses.
A man entered the shop holding a box of goats.
A man entered the shop holding a board of horses.
A man entered the shop holding a table with horses.
A man entered the store holding a plate with horses.
A man entered the shop holding a board with horses in hand.
A man and two women entered, offering bank customers promotions for new financial products.
A man and two women entered, offering the bank's customers a promotion for new financial products.
A man and two women entered, offering bank customers a promotion on new financial products.
A man and two women entered, offering bank customers a promotion for new financial products.
A man and two women entered, offering the bank's customers a promotion on new financial products.
A man and two women entered the room, offering the bank's customers a promotion for new financial products.
A man and two women entered, offering the bank's customers a promotion to new financial products.
A man and two women entered the room, offering bank customers promotions for new financial products.
A man and two women entered, offering bank customers a promotion to new financial products.
A man and two women entered the room, offering bank customers a promotion for new financial products.
At this moment came a man who had previously presented himself as a representative of an insurance company.
At that moment came a man who had previously presented himself as a representative of an insurance company.
At this moment came a man who had previously presented himself as a representative of the insurance company.
At that moment came a man who had previously presented himself as a representative of the insurance company.
At this point came a man who had previously presented himself as a representative of an insurance company.
At this moment a man who had previously presented himself as a representative of an insurance company came.
At that moment a man who had previously presented himself as a representative of an insurance company came.
At this moment came a man who had previously appeared as a representative of an insurance company.
At this moment, a man who had previously presented himself as a representative of an insurance company came.
At this moment a man who had previously presented himself as a representative of an insurance company came in.
A man who rescued the Roman Empire came to power 1,700 years ago.
A man who rescued the Roman Empire came to power 1700 years ago.
A man who saved the Roman Empire came to power 1,700 years ago.
1,700 years ago, a man came to power who saved the Roman Empire.
A man who saved the Roman Empire came to power 1700 years ago.
1,700 years ago a man came to power who saved the Roman Empire.
A man came to power 1,700 years ago who saved the Roman Empire.
A man came to power 1700 years ago who saved the Roman Empire.
1700 years ago, a man came to power who saved the Roman Empire.
A man who had saved the Roman Empire came to power 1700 years ago.
Next to the courtyard passed a woman with two large sheep on a string.
Next to the yard passed a woman with two large sheep on a string.
Next to the courtyard passed a woman with two large sheep on a rope.
Next to the yard passed a woman with two large sheep on a rope.
Next to the courtyard passed a woman with two great sheep on a string.
Next to the courtyard passed a woman with two large sheep on the strings.
Next to the courtyard passed a woman with two large sheep on the string.
Next to the yard passed a woman with two large sheep on the string.
Next to the courtyard passed a woman with two large sheep on the rope.
Next to the courtyard passed a woman with two large sheep on a chain.
Next to the building at Poznań-East station passed a woman who was chasing a cart with her grandfather.
Next to the building at Poznań-East station passed a woman who was chasing a trolley with her grandfather.
Next to the building at Poznań-Eastern station passed a woman who was chasing a cart with her grandfather.
Next to the building at Poznań-East station passed a woman who was chasing a truck with her grandfather.
Next to the building at Poznań-East station passed a woman who was chasing a cart with her grandchild.
Next to the building at Poznań-East station passed a woman who was chasing a car with her grandfather.
Next to the building at Poznań-East station passed a woman who was chasing a van with her grandfather.
Next to the building at Poznań-East station passed a woman who was chasing a trolley with her grandchild.
Next to the building at Poznań-Eastern station passed a woman who was chasing a cart with her grandchild.
Next to the building at Poznań-East station passed a woman who was chasing a trolley with her son.
I called a friend when a woman passed by whose face seemed strangely familiar.
I called a friend when a woman passed by, whose face seemed strangely familiar.
I called my friend when a woman passed by whose face seemed strangely familiar.
I called my friend when a woman passed by, whose face seemed strangely familiar.
I called a friend when a woman passed by me whose face seemed strangely familiar.
I called a friend when a woman passed by whose face appeared strangely familiar.
I called a friend when a woman passed by, whose face appeared strangely familiar.
I called a friend when a woman passed next to me whose face seemed strangely familiar.
I called a friend when a woman passed by, whose face looked strangely familiar.
I called my friend when a woman passed by whose face appeared strangely familiar.
Finally the sun went down and the storm started.
At last the sun went down and the storm started.
Finally the sun went down and the storm began.
Finally the sun set and the storm started.
At last the sun went down and the storm began.
Finally the sun set and the storm began.
Eventually the sun went down and the storm started.
Finally, the sun went down and the storm started.
At last the sun set and the storm started.
Finally, the sun went down and the storm began.
There was always a sun for him.
The sun went out forever for him.
For him the sun was gone forever.
For him the sun has gone forever.
For him there was always a sun.
For him, the sun has gone forever.
For him the sun has always gone out.
The sun was shining forever.
For him the sun has always gone.
For him, the sun has always gone.
The sun set over the city, and the wind was strong.
The sun set over the city, and the wind broke strong.
The sun set over the city, and the wind broke strongly.
The sun rose above the city, and the wind was strong.
The sun rose above the city, and the wind broke strongly.
The sun was setting over the city, and the wind was strong.
The sun rose above the city, and the wind broke strong.
The sun came over the city, and the wind broke strongly.
The sun was shining above the city, and the wind was strong.
The sun set over the town, and the wind was strong.
The wind died, the sun went down.
The wind died, the sun was gone.
The wind was gone, the sun was gone.
The wind has died, the sun has gone.
The wind is gone, the sun is gone.
The wind faded, the sun went down.
The wind was dead, the sun was gone.
The wind died, the sun went out.
The wind died, and the sun went down.
The wind died and the sun went down.
But before the sun set, he saw the ship.
But before the sun went down, he saw the ship.
But before the sunset, he saw the ship.
But before sunset, he saw the ship.
But before the sun went down, he saw a ship.
But before the sun set, he saw a ship.
But before the sun was set, he saw the ship.
But before the sun had set, he saw the ship.
But before the sun came, he saw the ship.
But before the sun rose, he saw the ship.
At that time the sun was rising above Bagn, the "Arka" rose.
At this time the sun was rising above Bagn, the "Arka" rose.
At that time the sun rose above Bagn, the "Arka" rose.
At that time the sun was rising above Bagn, the "Arka" was rising.
At this time the sun was rising above Bagn, the "Arka" was rising.
At that time the sun was rising above Bagn, the "Arka" came up.
At that time the sun was rising above Bagn, "Arka" rose.
At that time the sun was rising above Bagn, and the "Arka" rose.
At that time the sun was rising over Bagn, the "Arka" rose.
At this time the sun was rising above Bagn, and the "Arka" rose.
It was only after the sun had set that he returned to the water.
It was only after the sun had set that he returned to water.
It was only after the sun had set that he went back to the water.
It was only after the sun had set that he went out again to the water.
It was only after the sun had set that he returned to the waters.
It was only after the sun had set that he was able to swim again.
It was only after the sun had set that he went back to water.
It was only after the sun had come down that he was able to swim again.
It was only after the sun had set that he began to swim again.
It was only after the sun had set that he went back to the water again.
The sun just went down and without a sweatshirt it started to get colder and colder.
The sun just went down and without a sweater it started to get colder and colder.
The sun just went down and without a t-shirt it started to get colder and colder.
The sun just went down and without a sweatshirt it began to get colder and colder.
The sun just went down and without a blouse it started to get colder and colder.
The sun just went down and without a sweater she started to get colder and colder.
The sun just went down and without a sweatshirt she started to get colder and colder.
The sun just went down and without a t-shirt she started to get colder and colder.
The sun just went down and without a sweater she started to get colder and colder.
The sun just went down and without a sweatshirt she started to get colder and colder.
The sun was visible, he thought.
The sun was visible," he thought.
The sun was obviously gone, he thought.
The sun was obviously out, he thought.
The sun was clearly gone, he thought.
The sun was obviously down, he thought.
The sun was clear, he thought.
The sun has obviously come down, he thought.
Clearly the sun was out, he thought.
Clearly the sun has come down, he thought.
Although the sun was long gone, the advertisements burned brightly in the sky.
Although the sun had long since set, the advertisements were burning brightly in the sky.
Although the sun had long passed, the advertisements were burning brightly in the sky.
Although the sun was long gone, the advertisements burned in the sky with a bright sun.
Although the sun was long gone, the advertisements burned in the sky with a bright bow.
Although the sun had long passed, the advertisements burned in the sky with a bright sun.
Although the sun had long since set, the advertisements were burning in the sky with a bright sun.
Although the sun had long since set, the advertisements burned in the sky with a bright sun.
Although the sun has long since set, the advertisements have burned in the sky with a bright sun.
Although the sun had long passed, the advertisements were burning in the sky with a bright bow.
Before the sun set, Nicholas looked at the ship.
Before sunset Nicholas looked at the ship.
Before the sun set Nicholas looked at the ship.
Before the sun went down, Nicholas looked at the ship.
Before the sun went down Nicholas looked at the ship.
Before the sun came down Nicholas looked at the ship.
Before sunset, Nicholas looked at the ship.
Before the sun was set, Nicholas looked at the ship.
Before the sun was set Nicholas looked at the ship.
Before the sun rose Nicholas looked at the ship.
Meanwhile, the sun has set and the night has just begun.
Meanwhile, the sun has set and the night is just beginning.
In the meantime, the sun has set and the night has just begun.
In the meantime the sun has set and the night has just begun.
In the meantime, the sun has set and the night is just beginning.
Meanwhile, the sun has come down and the night is just beginning.
In the meantime the sun has set and the night is just beginning.
Meanwhile the sun has set and the night is just beginning.
Meanwhile, the sun has set and the night has just started.
In the meantime, the sun has set and the night has just started.
And when the sun had set, a mysterious silence descended over Lotta's garden.
And when the sun had set, a mysterious silence descended over the garden of Lotta.
And when the sun was gone, a mysterious silence descended over the garden of Lotta.
And when the sun had set, a mysterious silence descended over the garden of Lotta.
And when the sun had come down, a mysterious silence descended over the garden of Lotta.
And when the sun had set, a mysterious silence descended over the garden of Lota.
And when the sun had set, there was a mysterious silence over the garden of Lotta.
And when the sun had already set, a mysterious silence descended over the garden of Lotta.
And when the sun had come down, a mysterious silence descended over the garden of Lota.
And when the sun had come down, there was a mysterious silence over the garden of Lotta.
It may have seemed that the sun had suddenly set.
It may have seemed that suddenly the sun had set.
It might have seemed that the sun had suddenly set.
It could seem that the sun had suddenly set.
It might have seemed that suddenly the sun had set.
It may have seemed that the sun suddenly went down.
It may have seemed that suddenly the sun was out.
It may have seemed that the sun suddenly set.
It may have seemed that suddenly the sun had come.
It may have seemed that the sun had suddenly come.
Where the sun had just set, threatening clouds were visible.
Where the sun had just set, threatening clouds were seen.
Where the sun had just set, you could see threatening clouds.
Where the sun had just set, you could see the threatening clouds.
Where the sun had just set, you could see the threatening, sloping clouds.
There, where the sun had just set, you could see threatening, sloping clouds.
There, where the sun had just set, you could see the threatening clouds.
There, where the sun had just set, you could see threatening clouds.
Where the sun had just set, there were threatening clouds.
Where the sun had just set, you could see dangerous clouds.
As for the irony of fate, the sun came.
As for the irony of fate, the sun set.
As for the irony of fate the sun went down.
As for the irony of fate, the sun passed.
As for the irony of fate, the sun rose.
Ironically, the sun went down.
As for the irony of fate came the sun.
Ironically, the sun was set.
Ironically, the sun set.
Ironically, the sun came.
I was surprised how fast the sun passed.
I was surprised how quickly the sun passed.
I was surprised how fast the sun went.
I was surprised at how fast the sun passed.
I was surprised how quickly the sun went down.
I was surprised at how quickly the sun passed.
I was surprised at how fast the sun went.
I was surprised at how quickly the sun went down.
I was surprised at how fast the sun went down.
I was surprised at how quickly the sun went.
Then came a woman from Samaria to draw water from the well.
Then a woman from Samaria came to draw water from the well.
Then came a woman from Samaria to drain water from the well.
Then a woman came from Samaria to draw water from the well.
Then a woman from Samaria came to draw water from the well.
Then came a woman from Samaria to draw water from the well.
Then came a woman from Samaria to drain the water from the well.
Then came a woman from Samaria to draw water from a well.
Then came a woman from Samaria to drain water from a well.
Then came a woman from Samaria to get water from the well.
A few weeks later, the news came that everything was ready.
A few weeks later the news came that everything was ready.
A few weeks later, the news came that everything is ready.
A few weeks later, the news came out that everything was ready.
Several weeks later, the news came that everything was ready.
A few weeks later, news came that everything was ready.
A few weeks later, it was reported that everything was ready.
A few weeks later, the news came that everything was finished.
A few weeks later, it was announced that everything was ready.
A few weeks later, the news came that it was all ready.
A message came from the reception that a parcel was waiting at the bottom.
From the reception there was a message that a shipment was waiting at the bottom.
From the reception there was a message that a parcel was waiting at the bottom.
From the reception came a message that a parcel was waiting at the bottom.
From the reception there was a message that a shipment was waiting downstairs.
A message came from the reception that there was a shipment waiting at the bottom.
There was a message from the reception that a parcel was waiting at the bottom.
From the reception there was a message that the parcel was waiting at the bottom.
I received a message from the reception that a parcel was waiting at the bottom.
A message came from the reception that a parcel was waiting at the bottom of the building.
Two weeks later, she was informed that her cousin had fled.
After two weeks, the news came that her cousin had fled.
Two weeks later, the news came that her cousin had fled.
After two weeks, the news came that the cousin had fled.
Two weeks later, the news came that her cousin had escaped.
After two weeks, the news came that her cousin had escaped.
Two weeks later, she was told that her cousin had fled.
After two weeks, the news came that the cousin had escaped.
Two weeks later, she was told that her cousin had escaped.
After two weeks, she was told that her cousin had fled.
Then unexpectedly came the news of an amnesty manifest of the king.
Then unexpectedly came the news of an amnesty manifest of the Tsar.
Then unexpectedly came the news of the manifest amnesty of the king.
Then unexpectedly came the news of an amnesty manifest by the king.
Then unexpectedly came the news of the manifest amnesty of the Tsar.
Then unexpectedly came the news of an amnesty manoeuvre of the king.
Then unexpectedly came the news of an amnesty manoeuvre of the Tsar.
Then unexpectedly came the news of an amnesty manoeuvre by the king.
Then unexpectedly came the news of the announcement of an amnesty manoeuvre.
Then unexpectedly came the news of the announcement of an amnesty man.
As soon as the news came on the day before the auction, the Credit Society's rate was cancelled.
As soon as news came on the day before the auction, the Credit Society's rate was cancelled.
As soon as the news came on the eve of the auction, the Credit Society's rate was cancelled.
As soon as the news came on the day before the auction, the credit union's rate was cancelled.
As soon as the news came on the day before the auction, the Credit Society's interest rate was cancelled.
As soon as news came on the day before the auction, the credit union's rate was cancelled.
As soon as the news came on the day before the tender, the Credit Society's rate was cancelled.
As soon as the news came on the eve of the auction, the credit union's rate was cancelled.
As soon as news came on the day before the tender, the Credit Society's rate was cancelled.
As soon as the news came on the day before the auction, the loan company's rate was cancelled.
Suddenly, the news came that Lieutenant Hasting had died.
Suddenly, the news of the death of Lieutenant Hasting arrived.
Suddenly, the news of the death of Lieutenant Hasting came.
Suddenly, news of the death of Lieutenant Hasting arrived.
Suddenly the news of the death of Lieutenant Hasting came to light.
Suddenly the news of the death of Lieutenant Hasting arrived.
Suddenly the news of the death of Lieutenant Hasting came.
Suddenly, the news came that Lieutenant Hasting was dead.
Suddenly, news of the death of Lieutenant Hasting came.
The news of the death of Lieutenant Hasting came to light.
Almost a message followed them.
Nearly a message followed them.
Almost there was a message following them.
Nearly after them came a message.
Almost in their wake came a message.
Almost a message came in their wake.
Nearly after them came news.
There was a message following them.
Almost in their tracks came news.
Almost a message followed.